occurrences_taxon_no_20578	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19149	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20292	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19506	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20769	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26434	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26582	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7746	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7864	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26436	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26577	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26583	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20273	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20399	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19628	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19639	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19659	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19692	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20986	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19716	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_13357	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12722	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_13391	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_179575	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28192	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68735	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68575	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68736	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68739	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_13350	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12337	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_367222	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16230	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22944	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_177414	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29977	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25487	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8945	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5083	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19516	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8364	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12657	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12542	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28179	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26742	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26929	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28863	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27037	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8511	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25232	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12734	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351124	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4883	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_328898	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25267	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20415	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12429	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152785	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12341	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_146247	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12352	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12367	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152790	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12377	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12384	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12387	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12403	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20811	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26781	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_72491	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_72328	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58558	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_75984	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9247	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_76355	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_76737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28307	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27373	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26816	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9000	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_214874	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31616	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31790	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_167464	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28265	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28189	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32327	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_308194	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_306578	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26827	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26972	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26807	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_302903	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29851	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_300707	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_302893	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_32558	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_307294	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_285299	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29885	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_8515	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_300712	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_331253	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_308363	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_85472	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_4792	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_352630	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27767	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_308273	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26983	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_123859	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29914	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26816	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27361	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_58724	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27373	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26852	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_33534	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_354571	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26804	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_3338	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27699	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25535	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25545	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22934	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21743	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21491	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10532	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8943	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26796	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8361	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8926	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5466	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28742	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28584	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25121	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25327	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16029	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25340	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_86714	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_33490	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_33265	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15729	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15281	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_132032	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15659	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15597	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_129697	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_129964	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_132900	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_132927	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_298610	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15241	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14793	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_144858	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_132964	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_386131	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_385445	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_313339	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15074	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_297749	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32945	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32903	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32895	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32926	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_285139	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_16447	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_382649	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15558	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32929	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15354	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15741	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_83909	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_130415	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15878	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15452	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14683	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_130796	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14599	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15763	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_331717	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14713	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_33380	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_33088	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_32964	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_144222	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14825	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_94505	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_323248	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15773	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_319205	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_331718	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15264	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15265	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_319216	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15022	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14511	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_313454	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14514	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15304	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14620	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_319203	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15486	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15825	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_253871	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15382	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15313	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15846	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_304721	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16499	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_14631	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_379062	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15868	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_17005	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_84364	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15892	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15800	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_14595	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_14476	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15565	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16246	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_17240	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_14632	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_83907	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_83875	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_162619	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15281	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16477	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16894	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16496	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_416579	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15596	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_14874	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_17354	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_18727	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15907	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_15889	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16765	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17092	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16370	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_359191	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16975	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26139	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26088	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26125	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26044	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26224	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26234	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25725	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26131	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26043	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25893	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26213	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26155	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25780	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25735	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26042	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26273	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25918	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26099	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_25822	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26261	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367516	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367322	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_27561	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_184927	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_28790	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_27042	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_27087	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_21478	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16085	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_123858	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_17148	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_28926	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_29830	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_21523	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_351228	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_86575	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_18745	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_310024	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_370763	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_29602	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_193372	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_27828	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15804	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15557	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16476	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9785	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10261	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10707	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12094	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15509	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15403	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18757	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9835	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16275	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15669	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_113741	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15057	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15230	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10835	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14635	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7181	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_351463	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_29340	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16133	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16401	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18121	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59188	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17802	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17060	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16496	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9472	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15500	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15235	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351778	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_351828	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_351829	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_351830	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35464	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_72041	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_131826	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316534	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_39734	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_53276	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_72219	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36751	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_63933	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_367279	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19861	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20003	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20793	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_80391	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20152	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277358	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_346053	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_86559	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_121187	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_87267	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_4902	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_188788	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_377341	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29819	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_309966	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_21478	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_27087	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29840	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_46586	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40995	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45799	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44650	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51080	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41399	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43011	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42184	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41613	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42485	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43107	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41039	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40467	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41217	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42591	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42592	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43155	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42496	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47340	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42377	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42607	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42178	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42502	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41632	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50131	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42547	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41450	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51506	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42379	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43225	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42366	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41279	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46602	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46833	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47608	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40435	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40968	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50095	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41260	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40436	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46799	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44990	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45524	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50938	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41535	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43892	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41379	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42378	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45526	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39982	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42436	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40388	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51509	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50882	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49155	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43134	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48817	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43198	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50489	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50516	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47223	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44372	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50563	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50216	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43906	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45241	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40486	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45278	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52617	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51516	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41671	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50540	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46204	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46984	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47573	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50564	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51423	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42734	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41676	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49471	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45783	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41835	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90655	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42728	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41870	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40471	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40367	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41663	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45401	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45251	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45245	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46210	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46759	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43216	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47999	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52622	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_416585	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52476	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47374	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45385	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42158	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41543	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40378	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41486	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41651	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50203	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41688	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52388	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41248	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46992	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_339628	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42724	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44537	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46941	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46628	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45836	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50715	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51942	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49291	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47916	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44725	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52093	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44593	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51766	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47864	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49239	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46308	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50406	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46648	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50493	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46852	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_218194	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_63195	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_80574	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_12783	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_72495	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152805	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152817	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29809	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_26801	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_133738	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_27053	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_374220	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_279729	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279728	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_403940	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_135895	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_381680	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_278113	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_56101	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_407959	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_411636	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_56117	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_279036	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_411370	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_157259	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_278172	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_408279	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_389057	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_277344	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_54794	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_55068	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53807	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_54615	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_55344	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_62726	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_62302	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_68006	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_83645	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_114480	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_197681	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_99762	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_63035	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53976	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39208	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37646	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_120621	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38495	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38712	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_68081	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_55486	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53286	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39745	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39779	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_197011	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37917	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53221	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53998	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_287384	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_287382	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_169734	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_287383	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_37757	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_66357	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38673	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_68189	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38713	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_301099	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_57337	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83927	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_54179	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_116674	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_104721	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_393998	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383515	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_16977	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383456	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383450	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383451	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_65205	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383465	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_299444	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_299550	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299552	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_186016	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299555	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299553	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299559	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382868	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299460	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_369026	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428967	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382851	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_268210	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11849	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_268244	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422559	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_141824	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18359	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_368941	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_366338	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382794	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_363112	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_85307	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_341277	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_63022	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38458	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_68027	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_269667	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183246	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15533	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_161842	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_27053	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_327907	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103427	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299166	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_308258	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56479	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_77635	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21146	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21587	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_308594	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54321	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103436	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_307160	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26566	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33667	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_376516	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19777	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16032	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4568	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26587	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17170	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31882	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31341	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_102917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_187502	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_68738	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_131479	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_131082	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_100127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152820	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152819	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_70443	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_36679	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_43340	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_66514	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_143311	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_367890	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_85333	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_85385	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_85384	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64596	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_165867	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183990	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_372623	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_41066	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_40243	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44738	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42313	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46961	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47192	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50796	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46182	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46883	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47316	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47328	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47471	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49425	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43687	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44896	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40754	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48552	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49890	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40547	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7805	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_86537	collected_from	collections_country_papua new guinea
occurrences_taxon_no_272629	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_53940	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_42934	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_39710	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_109454	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_88804	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68031	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38816	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_122340	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20116	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20955	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_27068	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_308028	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_124341	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_124283	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_27229	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_26730	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_21246	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_364915	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20071	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20550	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_19921	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20200	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_311418	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_56891	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_19880	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_111385	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_111387	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_111370	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_111372	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_67346	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_143676	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343233	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_113459	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343232	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343241	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_40902	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_57530	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_143122	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_113510	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_143119	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_143120	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_40700	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_42197	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_43230	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_175198	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_43307	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_43292	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_175199	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_131419	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_131416	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_35920	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_266401	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_175197	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343234	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_344813	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_43299	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_119889	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_113458	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_113476	collected_from	collections_country_kenya
occurrences_taxon_no_115207	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_47879	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_115828	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42671	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_56155	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_376880	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_129879	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_335201	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_224061	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_376902	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42790	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_46285	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_376900	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_374545	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42835	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_232131	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42406	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_433189	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42759	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_116527	collected_from	collections_country_chad
occurrences_taxon_no_119301	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_110807	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_117996	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_6296	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_119462	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_6944	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_119442	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_6482	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_119580	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28897	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28971	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27214	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26974	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29134	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27302	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27822	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27925	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28003	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27922	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27294	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27522	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27550	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28148	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27674	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27853	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_104041	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_120626	collected_from	collections_country_kyrgyzstan
occurrences_taxon_no_36320	collected_from	collections_country_kyrgyzstan
occurrences_taxon_no_38653	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53942	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_122589	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4421	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4455	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_122788	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167319	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167373	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167358	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_120613	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7315	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_294083	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26478	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7874	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5775	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_3346	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5915	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5388	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_3436	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5611	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5990	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5978	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_3341	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_130180	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_130182	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_132618	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_132127	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_132617	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_132620	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_53033	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_98805	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22304	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33337	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15917	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_31341	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_56637	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63035	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_80574	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_133917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_133916	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53033	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_76464	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_8391	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_135878	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_135879	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_71040	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_64469	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93565	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18437	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54125	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17777	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16260	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9583	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_89052	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_60498	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59868	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10894	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99702	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422582	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_109958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11300	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_138553	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_35128	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_92051	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63051	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63049	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67757	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67754	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37627	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38783	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58874	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54556	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54487	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58875	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38742	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54550	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_95312	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10849	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17578	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_156258	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18491	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_109453	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_116593	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_157408	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_109921	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17822	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_139948	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_414128	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_16243	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9216	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11539	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_102788	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_102736	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_143871	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93566	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_157530	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61867	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11624	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121166	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10470	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_66094	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64083	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91972	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_147170	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_6195	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11997	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121157	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10401	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10260	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11473	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10670	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_143737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11656	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212191	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_142945	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_6448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61454	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10479	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9467	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154760	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12073	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212193	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10889	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_115960	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18217	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11786	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_141420	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212190	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94042	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93562	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93564	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_98565	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_136955	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10403	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10685	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_60650	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58568	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64227	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94039	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_187751	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11385	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14668	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97608	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_97081	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_142682	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_142675	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_142689	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_142676	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_110694	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_142672	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_12506	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_12351	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_12557	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_143936	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_155314	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_300473	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_173279	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_146357	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_146362	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_38786	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_147060	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_147062	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147066	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147072	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147074	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_13071	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147091	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147092	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147118	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_147126	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_64792	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36320	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_147146	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147147	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147148	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_148483	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147731	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38572	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63044	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92051	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_58874	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38783	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_39825	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_40007	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38567	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_148137	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148102	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148101	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4567	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151850	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152413	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152442	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151856	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4721	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4723	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4513	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148131	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4679	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148103	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148474	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_148473	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_148486	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_147756	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_148538	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_65943	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_148540	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_148717	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_148945	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_385361	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_224786	collected_from	collections_country_cuba
occurrences_taxon_no_4092	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2905	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2936	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_70146	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_4684	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_150295	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_7273	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_18886	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_90415	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19208	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19586	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19551	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20338	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20339	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20351	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_150299	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_150297	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_150294	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_65451	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26508	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26451	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26877	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_7314	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_7319	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_7507	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151087	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_7856	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_26434	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_26577	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_26542	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_19500	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_20471	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_20483	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_19595	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_94361	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_19639	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_19287	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_396494	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_19293	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_31066	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_365488	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_371125	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_396879	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_134220	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_20968	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_151507	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_23105	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_94947	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_27817	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_84241	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_145069	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7273	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_90405	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_151818	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_151839	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_7282	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151835	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151834	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_383518	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_58924	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_88102	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_148137	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67334	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_56418	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_156432	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_156434	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_156436	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_68503	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_156511	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_156689	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_156685	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_156989	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56758	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_138763	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158340	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_62381	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54359	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40869	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_232541	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_386552	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238676	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40891	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40375	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158793	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_115140	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40488	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_231739	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40642	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40649	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_94475	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40646	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_109084	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40678	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_376820	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158789	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_376829	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158788	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40683	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42159	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_231988	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41524	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_92529	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41513	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_92494	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_92495	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41911	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158796	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42010	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_233582	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158795	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41939	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43271	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41204	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_44887	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_45364	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104030	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104036	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104016	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41139	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_157496	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_240142	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_157463	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104163	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_232934	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41055	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_224099	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_90651	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54871	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_192846	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104172	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42416	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104244	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149398	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149402	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149404	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54358	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42676	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149666	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149670	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149668	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149716	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42790	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_369217	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_83418	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_369213	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_39340	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_39581	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_69043	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_138764	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_120628	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_160278	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28480	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28925	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28904	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_30546	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28361	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_30083	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_30342	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28477	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_12144	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_137367	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_161839	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_65589	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_68867	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_65731	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_68866	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_161841	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_161843	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_65732	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_68864	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_161840	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_68870	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_64950	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_160501	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_16775	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_161926	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163905	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163957	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_160350	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163956	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163969	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163955	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163975	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163960	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163973	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_166409	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163906	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_210169	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_16444	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163963	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_160508	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163965	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_9468	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163898	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_140347	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_116697	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_28457	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_148688	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163521	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_151405	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_159653	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_137795	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_131648	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163507	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_54241	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_151454	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_160831	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_151429	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_56425	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_159645	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_163562	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112568	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_164270	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_164274	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_164276	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_56804	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_164327	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_164325	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_164714	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_16356	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_56597	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_430061	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_98299	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_166960	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_162292	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_90418	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167249	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_206821	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167428	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167430	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167429	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167431	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4099	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167443	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167447	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167454	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167582	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167584	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_57105	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167608	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_167609	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_4131	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42937	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_63410	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_43286	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_199245	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_199247	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_55547	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_38572	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_138762	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68238	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_119246	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_67260	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_203217	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34800	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34579	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34601	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425363	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425354	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425416	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425359	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425417	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_105797	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34626	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_154495	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_151915	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_425420	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_153965	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34709	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35173	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35170	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35354	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_63038	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35564	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_121381	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_106738	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_53187	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38495	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_186983	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_186982	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38048	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_36416	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_129296	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_69406	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_70527	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_176587	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_155665	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_63174	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_172848	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_382514	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_97078	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_36543	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_267757	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_52775	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38653	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_419285	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34566	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_110987	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_117666	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_154463	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34608	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_86150	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_425875	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_425885	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_427488	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_426048	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_427500	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_90133	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34661	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34715	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96171	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96160	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96155	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96176	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_111377	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_154692	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_427079	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_111384	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34746	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_202992	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_172322	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_426834	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_202566	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_199958	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_36412	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_168018	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_214748	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_165649	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38370	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_35564	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_127111	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_100374	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_35401	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34683	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34687	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_427499	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34584	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_219050	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_165649	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_100152	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_174575	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_174577	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_174578	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67339	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_174686	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_174767	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_152788	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152791	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152792	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152793	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152796	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152797	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_152798	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_204781	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_176049	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_176577	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_42971	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_351937	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64068	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_66740	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38437	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_55491	collected_from	collections_country_bulgaria
occurrences_taxon_no_178171	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_122672	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_43952	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42425	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_64113	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_231930	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_63151	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_323991	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276900	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_407528	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_336740	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_264637	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_323245	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_264647	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_264651	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_329435	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412407	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412408	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_303675	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276935	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_326019	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340087	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_323971	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_182719	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_148871	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33945	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_186983	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_187236	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_20653	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_171927	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15862	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15893	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15853	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_68663	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_348280	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_386173	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14492	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14479	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15143	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_298921	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_385371	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15281	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15782	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_129697	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_86714	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_86734	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_298609	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_94767	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_69581	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_133029	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_386705	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14476	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_386175	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_134205	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15486	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_144854	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_86456	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_348292	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132906	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15729	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132912	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15074	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132914	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132900	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15597	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14655	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_385440	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132921	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_132919	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15659	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_290754	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_332650	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_299726	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_86712	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_133047	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14750	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_367820	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_367823	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_344975	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14617	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_14963	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_86596	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_348290	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_300487	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_15233	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_191379	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_67202	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_191629	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_192083	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_192095	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_193446	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_193964	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_202533	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_194570	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_190415	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_191240	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_194907	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_354649	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_265019	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_201923	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300657	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_174285	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265025	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_277421	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265045	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265049	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265058	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265056	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_302498	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_114386	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_64748	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_415610	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_219186	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_196987	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_260663	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258128	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258113	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258219	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_173635	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258176	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_260660	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_260662	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_260661	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_210181	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_208299	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_260664	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_267306	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_263195	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_219188	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_106769	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_119241	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_96561	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_58207	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_168580	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_66744	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_144577	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_69158	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_54553	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38565	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_260668	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_219191	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258218	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_258126	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_263193	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_288230	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35583	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35437	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_170406	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35564	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35343	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35771	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_178839	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_56326	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_424183	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_56138	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_15540	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_18780	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_130479	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_14518	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_61544	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_386358	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_60345	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_17247	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_16392	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_17654	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_61530	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_17944	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_18331	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_60868	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_99590	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_72294	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_17401	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_199123	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38448	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_261604	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_199148	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_18543	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_18564	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_18528	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_18544	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_304077	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_84236	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_18536	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_173381	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_18681	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_200275	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_200276	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_65249	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_85410	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201039	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201054	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201055	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201045	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_19231	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_200274	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201056	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_19257	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201061	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201062	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201229	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201228	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_230934	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201233	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201231	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_19213	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201238	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201237	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201240	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201234	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201244	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_182238	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201245	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_182216	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_85487	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_20868	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201249	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201246	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201250	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_19821	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201252	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_20856	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201258	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201259	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201260	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_20964	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201273	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201462	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201457	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201460	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201275	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_80679	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201466	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_20402	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201471	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201472	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201754	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201751	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201752	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201757	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_20581	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201921	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_226873	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201761	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_201755	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_200249	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_63399	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_202051	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202052	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202075	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202053	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_201111	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_265893	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202211	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_351852	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351859	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36959	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_202432	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253214	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202440	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202438	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202439	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_82502	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202435	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8916	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_106851	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253203	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_9830	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_70610	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8798	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253210	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253206	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202429	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202430	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_150361	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202434	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253212	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_70591	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_70588	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_202437	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_198765	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_92741	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_198766	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_37881	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_57280	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38024	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_63273	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_202901	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_37667	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_235641	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_100094	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_131452	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_186047	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_83033	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63040	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_82350	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38664	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_277426	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_249661	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265003	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265051	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265047	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300687	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_301005	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_248497	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_230992	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_230901	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265012	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265031	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_29407	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_254429	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_254430	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300003	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24060	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24410	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24208	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259378	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_299994	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259373	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_299984	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24485	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24474	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24655	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_204031	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412626	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_416026	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_410461	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_408278	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_379231	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_340630	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_336590	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_263964	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_336589	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_277163	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_277166	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_277147	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_157151	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_405334	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_272562	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_379164	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_204424	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24455	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_23795	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24184	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_28546	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_304584	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_23727	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_299991	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_379159	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_23892	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259353	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_290548	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259380	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24291	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16691	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_65018	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300762	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_164019	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259382	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_170111	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24229	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24512	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163785	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163750	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163752	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220232	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163758	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_233726	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222192	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163467	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163470	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163471	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222193	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222194	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_593	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_179869	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163794	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222528	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165892	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222533	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165853	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_542	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222534	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165856	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222536	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222535	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_71406	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229455	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163646	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163760	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163076	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_227764	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163626	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163756	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229690	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_233720	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_452	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163628	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163629	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163633	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229303	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165860	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163726	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163734	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229450	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163751	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_233724	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_581	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163055	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163099	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165848	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165851	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220227	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220229	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_228820	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163096	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_166042	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220233	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229453	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229152	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_86	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_71401	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_227763	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_166161	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220234	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_205065	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_159739	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_221425	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_159763	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220019	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_255	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222543	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165849	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_221194	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229457	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163106	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_400	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163269	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_221741	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_221458	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163059	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163641	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163630	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_453	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222540	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_227746	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229692	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165862	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_205009	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_204953	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165866	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_166051	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222526	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222544	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220228	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222525	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_159582	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222532	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229139	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_617	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229458	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_374	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163140	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_66420	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_204961	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_165867	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_112016	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_220023	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_228826	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_157	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_159377	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_576	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_581	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163111	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_593	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_229152	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_166051	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163100	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163059	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_159925	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_220228	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_400	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_111974	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163629	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163140	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_228827	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351855	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_351859	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_351854	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351857	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351855	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_205435	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_205715	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_205712	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_206275	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_207729	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_264972	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_327518	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_327200	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_251546	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_208965	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276600	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_181123	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_39323	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_208974	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_122355	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_292120	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43493	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_208970	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_325987	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_209057	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_219181	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83049	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_188890	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_209050	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42076	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_212137	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_137970	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_213419	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_80820	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_213828	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213833	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213835	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213841	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_193106	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213842	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213845	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213224	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_138440	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_214950	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_214953	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_215710	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215712	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215714	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_175988	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215717	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215719	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215721	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215724	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213464	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215794	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215795	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215796	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_215999	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_216219	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_98805	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_216662	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_216664	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_216701	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_43582	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_216792	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_217071	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83733	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_51618	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_41209	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83801	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264368	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_312899	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_320241	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_320243	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320260	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_320251	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_365379	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_26920	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_288408	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_219185	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_181576	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181565	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_215090	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181560	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181316	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14367	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181573	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_174532	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181696	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181429	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181419	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_215063	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14271	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181426	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181414	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181437	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181694	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181699	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181650	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181334	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181585	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181445	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169363	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181663	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181662	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181669	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181579	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181610	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169346	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169344	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181317	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_190865	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181687	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14181	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_100967	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181684	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_15991	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181690	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278770	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278771	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181628	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315224	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_12618	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181594	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_191107	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181632	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181635	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181637	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181302	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181679	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16597	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16071	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181600	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181321	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315218	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_265542	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181306	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_250891	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_250363	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14033	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14481	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_15986	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_190884	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278775	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_246607	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_89332	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2277	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_190866	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315227	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315217	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181633	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16710	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248026	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169354	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248028	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248025	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16731	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248023	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_389767	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16876	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315242	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_17437	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_149087	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248169	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_86748	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1839	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2763	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_898	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_216831	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_28791	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1657	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_297506	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14410	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_383565	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1661	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_251019	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_424937	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_378812	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2148	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_251064	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14257	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315212	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_13201	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_389524	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14397	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14145	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14147	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181642	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14034	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14085	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_252360	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278774	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14037	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_429318	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_183613	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14303	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14165	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_1586	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14150	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181592	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169371	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181589	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278776	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315216	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181659	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248020	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181391	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_174535	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181677	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_278773	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181393	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181304	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_425663	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_13296	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_383952	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_181308	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_14177	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248021	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169368	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_138847	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_9388	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169358	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169340	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_169355	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_18145	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_248035	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_423493	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_389495	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315949	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_222577	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_222578	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_222580	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_222582	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_222588	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_178426	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_227138	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83339	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_227258	collected_from	collections_country_chad
occurrences_taxon_no_227372	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_227431	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_228692	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_30583	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_213270	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_229117	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51155	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65578	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_92501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_229119	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38547	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_230278	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_230989	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269551	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_53224	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_317967	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2680	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_2582	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_813	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1007	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1153	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_119431	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_16520	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_16246	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_387405	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_154208	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1394	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_272822	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1562	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_272826	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_233485	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_233785	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_89456	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_234783	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_234899	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_365469	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_36505	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_63644	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_235668	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_174496	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_238148	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37638	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_131442	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_239257	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239258	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239259	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240062	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51609	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51463	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43053	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43109	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43141	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49314	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43015	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42250	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52251	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40944	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_163	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_255	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_64215	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_71406	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_229144	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_222544	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_229153	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_64207	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_402	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_240566	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240568	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240572	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240573	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240575	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_240582	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240583	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240587	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240682	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240683	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_240686	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_240687	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240692	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240693	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_242463	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240578	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_23	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_240691	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_242462	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_292083	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240688	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_242460	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_629	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_85230	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_240578	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_240695	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240578	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_53	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_72253	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165357	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_167082	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166826	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166029	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165023	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166338	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164992	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165989	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166882	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164953	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164918	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164915	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164991	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_104346	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165021	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_71397	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240719	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_129	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240720	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165026	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164882	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165024	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164887	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164872	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_269	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166833	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_71415	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164706	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_122513	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166075	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164949	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165015	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164921	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_452	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_542	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_669	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165334	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165336	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165342	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164917	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166822	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165312	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164930	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164938	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_291	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166981	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_134	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_66440	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166939	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165350	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164883	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_241819	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165111	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164972	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164952	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165344	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240716	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_150371	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_268	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_241810	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165006	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_241825	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_476	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164836	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240730	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164854	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_66437	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_164834	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240717	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_84	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240729	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_242913	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165628	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165778	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85045	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_206	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166341	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164235	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_240704	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85037	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_241038	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_176	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164957	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164242	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_92175	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166348	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_241670	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_129	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164918	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164921	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_241687	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165568	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164966	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_167065	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_397	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164237	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_4	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_167082	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85161	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166037	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164241	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_510	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166356	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165757	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_86229	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_241712	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_452	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165009	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_591	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_476	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_549	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_450	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_402	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_149425	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_125	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_165936	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_165588	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_4	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_241046	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_165576	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_241048	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_389995	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_33989	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_374122	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_389979	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_292068	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_389981	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_389996	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_33986	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_165778	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166340	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85045	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166341	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85039	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_240704	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164235	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164234	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166343	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164249	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85041	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_484	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164238	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_84855	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_241050	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85146	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164260	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_165761	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_688	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164248	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165767	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_86157	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165791	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85149	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166347	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_64213	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_8	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165766	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_64244	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165749	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_272	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165771	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165769	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166351	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_167076	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166818	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166799	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165732	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165779	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166802	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_538	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165759	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165754	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165755	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165761	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_688	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165776	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_104825	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_86231	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_86232	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165573	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165783	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_166826	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165785	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_66389	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165793	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_167001	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165795	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85136	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_88877	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_165774	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85043	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_712	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_164238	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_484	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_85033	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_170558	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_37400	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_145311	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_16929	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_16542	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_130923	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_313808	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_332299	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_130746	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_151987	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_16566	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_129981	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_240577	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240579	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240690	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_242477	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_164232	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_23	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_242486	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_240570	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_165631	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_11	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_202	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_165935	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_265	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_363375	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_165404	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_381	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_421	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159666	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_166971	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159935	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159697	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_157	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159854	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_111989	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_64603	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159919	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_112002	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159925	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_112000	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_707	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_112016	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_514	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_164230	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_66328	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_593	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_159881	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_111974	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_400	collected_from	collections_country_armenia
occurrences_taxon_no_242722	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243279	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_94805	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_238435	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_180095	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_245206	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_83627	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_54571	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_131432	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_65363	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_390539	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_302161	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425389	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_183110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121375	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154288	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_302166	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35183	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121382	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35421	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121380	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121378	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63042	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_127108	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_226326	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_226327	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35555	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_95846	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36412	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163512	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68197	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_246048	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34501	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_37587	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_156405	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_119249	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_161727	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247622	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247631	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247633	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_41079	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247634	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_104794	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247640	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247643	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247647	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_247700	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247702	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_247719	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_283456	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54888	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318424	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54647	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285515	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318466	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318437	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318425	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318423	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318456	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318444	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318421	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_55603	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54692	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54612	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_248971	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_81717	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_249624	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_15660	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_14733	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_297720	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_248186	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_36657	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_247596	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_249575	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_249577	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_249579	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56647	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_249608	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248754	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_72318	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_249799	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_250245	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53184	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38127	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38156	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_166606	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248581	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248574	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_42967	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_166604	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247904	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248410	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_134211	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20346	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20824	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_20791	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_19854	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_21704	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87351	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252316	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_252279	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_252388	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_252374	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_252558	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_252561	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_38812	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_175105	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39208	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_252713	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_251545	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_252724	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_321444	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_252710	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_252705	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_276461	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_323709	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_321804	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_322107	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_327324	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_322109	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_322130	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_280358	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_133268	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_151799	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56962	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_198785	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54555	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38743	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65860	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56537	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57680	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57674	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97285	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37359	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63610	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_69546	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37927	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_69545	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52887	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52789	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_208916	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46675	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67671	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39788	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39781	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39787	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44377	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_204003	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39869	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_166541	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37625	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67347	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_247815	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248010	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_334111	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94076	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248177	collected_from	collections_country_papua new guinea
occurrences_taxon_no_248178	collected_from	collections_country_papua new guinea
occurrences_taxon_no_248180	collected_from	collections_country_papua new guinea
occurrences_taxon_no_179005	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_162353	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_254113	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_254404	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_433424	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_255313	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_2432	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2192	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1596	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1502	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_377128	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1620	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1431	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1557	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_129296	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_14666	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_354085	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_354144	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_15245	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_355943	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_377270	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_354515	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_377129	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_377127	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_71226	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_145863	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_143929	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_145645	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_129317	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_130579	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_145634	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_16721	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_16461	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_71231	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1809	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_129314	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_340430	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_14707	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_255761	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_255765	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_256074	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_248204	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_38178	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_256307	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_22621	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_354748	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_22422	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_219533	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_354750	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_256405	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_256406	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_256408	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_209375	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_53190	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_38172	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_64683	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_108241	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_87534	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_90723	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_91388	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_107596	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34605	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_156757	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_43527	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_57069	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42079	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_247410	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42082	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_100372	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_244703	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43422	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43439	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43373	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_56964	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_83810	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43453	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_313125	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_57068	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42051	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_83812	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42104	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42100	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42086	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43441	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_264062	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42143	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_76977	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_40039	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_260251	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_259757	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_259683	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276509	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_322147	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_260872	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_261036	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_81118	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_94209	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33927	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_33981	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_137150	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_42934	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_264164	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264168	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_122015	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264183	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_354145	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_354099	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2821	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_129312	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_15724	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_278294	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1107	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_813	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1480	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1568	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1586	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_814	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2721	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2186	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1401	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2471	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_948	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_350324	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_351906	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1412	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_351904	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2672	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2324	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1934	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2589	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1908	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_382610	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2709	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1956	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_428346	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2092	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2017	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1334	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2341	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2771	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2448	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1605	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1253	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2331	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1085	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_859	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2661	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1109	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1075	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1585	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_351875	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1201	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2428	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1395	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2414	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1955	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1566	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_103765	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1951	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_2528	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_1296	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_898	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_285274	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285267	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285272	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_246043	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_43568	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83047	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43468	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_394653	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42077	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42098	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42118	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_388139	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279733	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_68404	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_388305	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279736	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83796	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264602	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_122598	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_36412	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_98309	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_412370	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_413143	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_411463	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_406692	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_353060	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_68854	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_92638	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_24643	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63783	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37762	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38177	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38380	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38345	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_192947	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_64119	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38736	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_264679	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_181134	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53751	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53458	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53713	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243787	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243738	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_146408	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_146412	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244759	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_93651	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_248052	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43614	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243401	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43391	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43396	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43372	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_242930	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_242925	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_395840	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_242972	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243072	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243082	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243085	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_242914	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42078	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243566	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_240099	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_76993	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_265580	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_265589	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_57604	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_44330	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68106	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_136181	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_267167	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166857	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45122	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_267478	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48076	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_166859	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45108	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67560	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_267487	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_267488	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_267695	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_267715	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_267729	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_143942	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_252987	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_53211	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_53957	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_114399	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_273608	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_288037	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_273610	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_34044	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_243940	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_268336	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_268507	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43615	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_268531	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_51615	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_269372	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_269814	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_269819	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_393168	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_100043	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_270555	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_270556	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34608	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_427123	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34663	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_275743	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_63612	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_63613	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_154041	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_354628	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_34737	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_83122	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_53382	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_272457	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_24714	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259402	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15119	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15243	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269572	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_357038	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273836	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273838	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257812	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350963	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_3073	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14968	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269659	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273650	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269594	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183223	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14967	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273087	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14994	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269664	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183245	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183244	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183250	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273609	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_218241	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_218266	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_219472	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_219525	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_223295	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_225301	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_39825	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39855	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39832	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39815	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_326243	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_36652	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42937	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42971	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_276101	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_202054	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276169	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_276390	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276389	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276473	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_133948	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276607	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276634	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276636	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276638	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276483	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276481	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276642	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276643	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276574	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276644	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276648	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276487	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276567	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276653	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276569	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276663	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276665	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276668	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276672	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276583	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276673	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252537	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276566	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276492	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276674	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276585	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276500	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276591	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276499	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276592	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252661	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276739	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277486	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276743	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276745	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276630	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276632	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276646	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276521	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276560	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276656	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276659	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276488	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276669	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276737	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276588	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264505	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276741	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276744	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276746	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53537	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276748	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_302431	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_92017	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276874	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276806	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276876	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264488	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277500	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276878	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276879	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252666	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252665	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264512	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_266029	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_266030	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251240	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276880	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276626	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_250626	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276881	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276670	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276738	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264551	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251549	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276892	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276893	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276894	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276896	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276897	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276899	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276898	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276900	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276901	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276903	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276905	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276906	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276907	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276909	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276910	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276911	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276923	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264649	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276926	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264652	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276927	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276929	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276928	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276930	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276932	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276931	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276934	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276936	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276483	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276937	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276642	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276496	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276938	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276943	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276588	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276944	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276940	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276942	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276500	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276945	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252550	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276946	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276947	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276948	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276870	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276949	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276583	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276566	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276950	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276951	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276952	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276953	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276879	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276954	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276956	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_170215	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276957	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276958	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276510	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276955	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276907	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252545	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_250428	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276674	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276966	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_252666	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276965	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276963	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276961	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276960	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276970	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276969	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276967	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276930	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276971	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276973	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276972	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276975	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276974	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_264674	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276977	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276978	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276570	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276979	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276980	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_265670	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276981	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276985	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276984	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276982	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276986	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276987	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276989	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276991	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_53538	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276806	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_277911	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_276993	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_251828	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277047	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277046	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276584	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276582	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276789	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276666	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276822	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277074	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277089	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277101	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277168	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276777	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56121	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277169	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276803	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277172	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276778	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276782	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_58690	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277171	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277173	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276810	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276809	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276813	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276814	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276829	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277191	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277090	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276930	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276956	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277175	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277241	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277229	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277177	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277178	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276901	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277096	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277210	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277248	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276985	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277185	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277188	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277199	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277063	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277197	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277181	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277187	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277194	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277238	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277202	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277184	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277192	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277209	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277200	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277183	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277196	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277221	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277081	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277076	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277215	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277190	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277112	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277227	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277271	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277262	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277232	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277206	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277257	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277094	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277180	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_407834	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277115	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277264	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277236	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277219	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276989	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277340	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_260235	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277282	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277283	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277284	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277285	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277281	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277287	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277289	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277290	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277291	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277288	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277292	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277293	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250536	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277295	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277294	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277296	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277297	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277298	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277300	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277302	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277303	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277305	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277304	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277306	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277307	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277308	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250537	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277309	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277310	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276561	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277311	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276774	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277313	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277312	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_274327	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276555	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252550	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276639	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277314	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276522	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276521	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277315	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252476	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277316	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252475	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276550	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277317	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277318	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277319	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277320	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277321	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277322	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277323	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277324	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252471	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277911	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252479	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277325	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252562	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277327	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252556	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252498	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252497	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252477	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56117	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277330	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264499	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16353	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277331	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252701	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_251905	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_251907	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277333	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277336	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277151	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277337	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277338	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277167	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_55232	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264480	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252482	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250687	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277341	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_55562	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_175103	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_54745	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277343	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277345	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252696	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277346	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_255608	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277348	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276628	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277350	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277351	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_252687	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277352	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_81646	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_55240	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277357	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277358	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277360	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277361	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277363	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277365	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277366	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_263318	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277367	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277368	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277370	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_326876	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277371	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_157283	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_55347	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277373	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277375	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277376	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264397	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277378	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277379	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_55916	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277380	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277381	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277382	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277383	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277384	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_251895	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_264137	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_374543	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379126	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_224101	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_374542	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41329	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41148	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_43305	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_43200	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_173566	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_277920	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56169	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277921	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277922	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_277923	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56172	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_276606	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276562	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278031	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277494	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278032	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277861	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278033	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278034	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277199	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278035	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277876	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277067	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278037	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278036	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278038	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278041	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278042	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278043	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277216	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278044	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_81764	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278050	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276973	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278051	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278052	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277253	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276972	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278053	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278054	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277262	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278056	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278055	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278057	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278059	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278060	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276965	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278061	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278062	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278063	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277174	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278064	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277247	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278066	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278270	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278273	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54567	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251997	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278110	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278276	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_278114	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278115	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278117	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278119	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278120	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278121	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278123	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56117	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278176	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278175	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278279	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278165	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56227	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56260	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278280	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278178	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_55217	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_256145	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_276510	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278649	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278650	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278651	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278527	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_251184	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_277278	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_53537	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278529	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278530	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278531	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_277960	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278533	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278534	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_251535	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278526	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_334708	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278535	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278536	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278537	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_276837	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_276599	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_251538	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278532	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278538	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_53534	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278539	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278540	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278541	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_276452	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278542	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_252724	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278652	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_277198	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_277945	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_278653	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_276516	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68162	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_203543	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28171	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29276	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_280848	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27028	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_281108	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_281190	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_281284	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_281448	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_280854	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_80601	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_38213	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_282474	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53942	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_283260	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_283135	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_282831	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_283259	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_155258	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_283261	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_306611	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_306612	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_284050	collected_from	collections_country_paraguay
occurrences_taxon_no_284331	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_306747	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_27361	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_279038	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_284397	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_104228	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_284861	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285055	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285056	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285059	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285060	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285061	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285062	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285063	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285190	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_288244	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_269562	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40647	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40108	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40086	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_66304	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247834	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40119	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40140	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_285219	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_285220	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34651	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34662	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34573	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34587	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_100810	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_154471	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_354629	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_285851	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_286213	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_43002	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_331818	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_402618	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42876	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_402613	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42822	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_398541	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42708	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_166385	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_43280	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_168583	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_234802	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_58859	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_37426	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_67637	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_286902	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_287211	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_243932	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_287222	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_287262	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_287293	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_36676	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_36680	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_68443	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_68469	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_36678	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_68703	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_166965	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_81031	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_61893	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_17266	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_280332	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83909	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83896	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_209203	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_8932	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_390781	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_280905	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_118075	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_89404	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_288187	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84995	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_288186	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_288282	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_288284	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_288286	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_97236	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_100889	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_288744	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305455	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305507	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_288740	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305444	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_288961	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_289013	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_289153	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_271430	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_289447	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_289540	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_289550	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_17622	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_83924	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_81830	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_65843	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_243923	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_289833	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_290000	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_100372	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_186551	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_37590	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_83128	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_43286	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_292660	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_294001	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104042	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_63210	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54165	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_294822	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_52883	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_83877	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_366734	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_235854	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_78273	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_295725	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_75962	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_76140	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_295743	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_296057	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_296060	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_296188	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83911	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_179827	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_44174	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48224	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_100152	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_154426	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_317279	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_297028	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_297440	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_297441	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_26746	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_289882	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_297506	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_17069	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425818	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38808	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_299357	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_299356	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_32825	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_53288	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_118886	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_36880	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_53287	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_36709	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_36844	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_301924	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_44432	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50112	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52116	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_163003	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16833	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26701	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83185	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_377143	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83188	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83194	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83197	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83199	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_288152	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34662	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34710	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_131704	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_307037	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_154700	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34745	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34740	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_303547	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_28005	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27022	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_304082	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_304089	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_304082	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_304085	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_304079	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_304280	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_304642	collected_from	collections_country_philippines
occurrences_taxon_no_304542	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_43095	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_69704	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_304809	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33816	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_390737	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_304816	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34232	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_18948	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22233	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_69840	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_66764	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_3343	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_3448	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84241	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_117727	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_136684	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84218	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_3436	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_114765	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_287062	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_305491	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_305437	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305879	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_72199	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_306456	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_260084	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83130	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34649	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_95928	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_210659	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_80575	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_210668	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_151504	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_306983	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54544	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_307845	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307841	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307785	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307785	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_307845	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_307857	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_142655	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_12338	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307863	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307862	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_142672	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_13368	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307861	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_12786	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307859	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_307911	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_187332	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_187325	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_70268	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_200027	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_307912	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_307914	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_70148	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_307918	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_307920	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_2991	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_308387	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_308911	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344866	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344768	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344799	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_327124	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344831	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344732	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344787	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_country_lithuania
occurrences_taxon_no_309845	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34001	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_344854	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_344733	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_33959	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_344732	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_33889	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_344787	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_327124	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_309858	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_309845	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344864	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344857	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34001	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344732	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_315554	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_309375	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_309376	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_197861	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_269368	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43503	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_279974	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_77073	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_309397	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43629	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_192437	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42039	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_63496	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_57439	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_309455	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_65365	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38598	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_95393	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_36607	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_99806	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_91693	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_91688	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96163	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_948	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_408381	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_288974	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_141023	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_66624	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268085	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8422	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_310009	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253093	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253096	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_171065	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253173	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8798	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253028	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_154839	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268013	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_267947	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253174	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9393	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253153	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253157	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9388	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9202	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8773	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8493	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_238658	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8742	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253825	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_254529	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_267566	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253820	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8707	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268140	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268132	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_10706	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_312735	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_90115	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9460	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_10645	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_292030	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9461	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9590	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_338854	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9667	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_338476	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_59623	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_206950	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268007	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12200	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268117	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269095	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269024	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9829	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253008	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_254827	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9669	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_254826	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_10206	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269092	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_279457	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_309309	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_309307	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_64715	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_248990	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_248991	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_248992	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_68926	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12174	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_285687	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_285676	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_310010	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12056	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12035	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_310012	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_310013	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268403	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_216960	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16094	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16111	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16289	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_304435	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_398010	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269914	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16540	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16479	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_274525	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_137325	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_88902	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_267765	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_309312	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_264465	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_30583	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_136614	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_30685	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269230	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_269439	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_31227	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_104733	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_32631	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_309317	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_346767	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_306522	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24039	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_253072	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_267954	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9336	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_254717	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_342924	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_267837	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_87509	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4941	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4980	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5098	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4840	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4843	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4902	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5420	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5747	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5164	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5635	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5934	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5269	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5977	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_310088	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_108045	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5317	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5349	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5871	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_6023	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5369	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5612	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3359	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3395	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54321	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_136702	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_21879	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_155501	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_32727	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_32327	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_97337	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_410243	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_56176	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_54828	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_249949	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_279039	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_17963	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_18129	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_70675	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_68006	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_62825	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_24086	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_24264	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_246927	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_121381	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37765	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37686	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37698	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38343	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38360	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_69512	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_36602	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38574	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_64112	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38484	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_156756	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37839	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57710	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_65555	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_162715	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_81005	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_310747	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_310749	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_310773	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_196677	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_310781	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_196675	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_310787	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_310789	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_319452	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_68600	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_76125	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_196678	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_310776	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_63993	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_310887	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6114	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_151176	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_310994	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_287833	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_15846	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_90462	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_90457	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_15124	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_133037	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_15512	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_14733	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_14525	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_35177	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_170641	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_36569	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_170908	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_312115	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_311429	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_54545	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32382	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32395	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31756	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32064	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32319	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30903	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32504	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_217294	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32196	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32030	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31812	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32500	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32503	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212313	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32494	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_312504	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32508	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32493	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_212984	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_312525	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_312947	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_311415	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_313710	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_313774	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_71861	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_313795	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_314129	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314131	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314143	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314140	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26733	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_313089	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314148	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27165	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27561	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_298766	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_124878	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27952	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314141	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_28184	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_29876	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_29276	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_29534	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_314142	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_308028	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315039	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_315037	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_315038	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_42452	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_86537	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_315036	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_331672	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_34650	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_42937	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36743	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42938	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42971	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_53261	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_53105	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_315332	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264972	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264479	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_285862	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_265674	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264481	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276821	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252544	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315516	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315513	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315428	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315326	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315402	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315404	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315401	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_284795	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315517	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_317976	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_315567	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315564	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315558	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315556	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315553	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315842	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315862	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315873	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315875	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_58498	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_37743	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_37982	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_54044	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41486	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41380	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_297332	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41655	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42377	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_50153	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42502	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42572	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42547	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42594	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43011	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43076	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43104	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43170	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43229	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_152492	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_315950	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_62909	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_323527	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316820	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264523	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264481	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_265668	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55311	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53543	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251904	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_274562	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55453	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252552	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320372	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320374	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264484	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_169683	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320262	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264486	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266642	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264924	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_169682	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54725	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316502	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53510	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315570	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316297	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319676	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_280105	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_83627	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55349	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54830	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_280360	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276608	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252815	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_325686	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319862	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322019	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55699	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252696	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_265675	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320922	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319973	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_323541	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252762	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_323289	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_169690	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_280348	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264496	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321780	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277516	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252764	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264491	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277158	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276568	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_286022	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276628	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_265934	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277519	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320373	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_308945	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252484	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252687	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_327656	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316384	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_26699	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316385	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316382	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316387	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316388	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316383	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316465	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316461	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_316493	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316656	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_316660	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_316647	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67668	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_216646	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_316785	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316786	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316788	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316790	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316791	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317977	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316815	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316816	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316817	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316818	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316819	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316826	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316828	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316829	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316830	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316834	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316847	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316855	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316814	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251830	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316956	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316960	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316965	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317990	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317992	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317979	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317032	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316787	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6564	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6460	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6470	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6438	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6778	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_178432	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_178441	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_177437	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_334632	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_54427	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6711	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149185	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6114	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_92743	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_317254	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_317255	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_317256	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_256645	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_57616	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_269481	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_317253	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_72161	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38140	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_150309	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_149042	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_205174	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6510	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6572	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6626	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_178799	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6794	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_83571	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_178831	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54450	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_149031	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_178902	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4644	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_223764	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6778	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_62226	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_71228	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6470	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_178881	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_6666	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_149176	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_83604	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276587	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277159	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55589	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320511	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_265935	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264483	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276503	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_250687	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53968	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_175103	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_414147	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54565	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_169684	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_341679	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37407	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_274971	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37449	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_274972	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37971	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38027	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_249808	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_95477	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_72157	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_316827	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316831	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277343	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54622	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_346267	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_319604	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277380	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317369	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317370	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317372	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54713	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320005	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315550	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315552	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316789	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315572	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317310	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317312	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317316	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317354	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317355	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317357	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317358	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317360	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317361	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317362	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317363	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317364	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317365	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317366	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317367	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54795	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317403	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317404	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317376	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317374	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317378	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317379	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_317381	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251534	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315575	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315560	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315555	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317394	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317412	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315545	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315534	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317702	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_315742	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316293	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55693	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55616	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316373	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54805	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53807	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277334	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317805	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_318095	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318096	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318097	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318145	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318120	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_249963	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_183090	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_274563	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_261144	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_323542	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252684	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277511	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266639	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_331945	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321779	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266027	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277160	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_286024	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55260	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318420	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_100163	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38449	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_235461	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_319140	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_319944	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_354364	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_306245	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_219043	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_67551	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_67720	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_252918	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_119321	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38844	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_147919	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_67254	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_254183	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_156758	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_137361	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_319574	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319577	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319575	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319586	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319593	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319594	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319578	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319595	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319823	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_319845	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53277	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_55642	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_319924	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_319926	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_319932	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_319921	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_319925	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_319929	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_71846	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_252445	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321782	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252497	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264798	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264494	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277350	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252682	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276593	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266640	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_278505	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252537	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320359	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_308624	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266844	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320261	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251298	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264647	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264652	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252758	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264537	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322120	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264668	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320169	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_265918	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_320170	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264518	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264524	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266845	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276506	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252765	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_266840	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320182	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252818	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321780	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276608	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264527	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252789	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264605	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_319899	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_320261	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252815	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323541	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_320925	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277334	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_266642	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_316827	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_318410	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277158	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321781	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_266639	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_53786	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_55506	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54676	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_175125	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54789	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277336	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_53874	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252689	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_55699	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_319873	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_278838	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_266641	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264528	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277939	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_266851	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_265917	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54782	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_309778	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320248	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320245	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320247	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320251	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320242	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_28278	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_309789	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320247	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_309813	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_315289	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19864	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_314043	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_329619	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_314041	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26661	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365381	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_27792	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365379	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_312899	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365194	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365210	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_25347	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365817	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365820	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365837	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365383	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365366	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365469	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26920	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21622	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21516	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20053	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20055	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_363494	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365471	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20780	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_313504	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_303903	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_325262	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21146	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19756	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21703	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320074	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_320082	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_313926	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_303915	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_331172	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_365381	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_320398	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320399	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320507	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_320509	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264483	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264485	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264491	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264492	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264493	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_325686	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_321781	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_277159	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_277511	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_328220	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252685	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264518	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_327456	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_266033	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252683	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264539	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264540	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_255606	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252680	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264545	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264547	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252668	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264511	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_country_south atlantic
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_320684	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54830	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_320865	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_320931	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104635	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17468	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_41186	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267870	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_83169	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36652	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36634	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_326046	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_67202	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_65140	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_64112	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_92043	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_54535	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_144577	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_321748	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_321774	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321773	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321772	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321747	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321763	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321782	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_325688	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_322630	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_308668	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_5004	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_5005	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_309807	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_29949	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_33860	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_33998	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_27047	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_333334	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_305949	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_34005	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_33917	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_344859	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_67681	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_323285	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323286	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_53510	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323288	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54795	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54805	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_316373	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323289	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323291	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_325744	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276786	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276550	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264490	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276741	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_318490	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276521	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264607	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277277	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252762	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_276647	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264486	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264494	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_277515	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323293	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323294	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323299	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323300	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_320912	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323443	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323442	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323463	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_320014	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_55311	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_319952	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323486	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323487	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_331945	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323491	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323489	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_323477	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_334851	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84135	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_323712	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_116968	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_106168	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323704	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323701	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_111752	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323699	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323697	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_8629	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323784	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323786	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323793	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323794	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323799	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323801	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323802	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323804	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323805	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323696	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_102001	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_373159	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_59245	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323821	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323830	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_323832	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_324076	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_324079	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_324081	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_62524	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_324084	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_324087	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_12221	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_10609	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_393926	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_33974	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_324268	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_324253	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34030	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_325177	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_325181	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_325180	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33949	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33957	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34016	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33874	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_326118	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183684	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_206841	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_326253	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_259469	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_291187	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_363798	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_326744	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363797	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_326822	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_326824	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_326826	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_327077	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327078	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327079	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327080	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327081	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118702	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24844	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24974	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24992	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24924	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24997	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24882	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25780	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25893	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327126	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327127	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327128	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_321623	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327129	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25778	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327130	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26053	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327131	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327132	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26084	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327145	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25792	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118664	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26154	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327135	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25745	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25902	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25953	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25913	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26102	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25905	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26139	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25844	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26120	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118665	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_98743	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327138	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118726	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24993	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24783	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24889	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_109926	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25907	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26226	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327137	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_82187	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24904	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327156	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24926	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25087	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327153	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327158	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25915	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327159	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327160	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118674	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_26266	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118697	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118669	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25777	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25830	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25798	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327164	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_54789	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319957	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319964	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319963	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320912	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55391	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55442	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320917	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55654	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55506	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320919	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53546	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319852	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_183083	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_251999	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55413	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321350	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_175125	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_277341	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320913	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319937	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320921	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54782	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_282557	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317976	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55812	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_118085	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319966	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320925	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316846	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320924	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320923	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321352	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53524	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320937	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320936	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264381	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319978	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320935	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55780	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320017	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53554	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55402	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55259	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_327194	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_91972	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_319857	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320361	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319939	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55740	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319865	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319952	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_285859	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53874	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54706	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54728	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321351	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319861	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319875	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319933	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53796	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54578	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319885	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264490	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321353	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319858	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319899	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320036	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_318411	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321359	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317803	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321358	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319569	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264406	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322023	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55748	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_252697	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55765	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264413	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322020	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55722	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320020	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322018	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53924	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319859	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319863	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264405	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54724	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_183081	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_320180	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_322021	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_276523	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278281	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276593	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_278505	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252692	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251332	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_265719	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276623	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251572	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_319567	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_266848	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_319514	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_319510	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276752	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_282546	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277104	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277111	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_329428	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276933	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_1568	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_1495	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87684	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87683	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_88631	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87800	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87829	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_88421	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_87876	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276522	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252777	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276571	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252680	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_251536	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_276740	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_1198	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_277496	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_284791	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_322148	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_327237	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_327238	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_15143	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_319108	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_24789	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327175	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327605	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327615	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327618	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327622	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_98317	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327643	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25071	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24877	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25048	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327817	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327663	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_24817	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25078	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327665	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25683	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327688	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327696	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327697	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327700	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327705	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327710	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327716	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327717	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327720	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327722	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_25918	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327724	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327726	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327727	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327728	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327729	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327730	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327732	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327736	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327739	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327740	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327741	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327742	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327744	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327747	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327748	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327750	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327755	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327756	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327758	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327760	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327761	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_118684	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327763	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327764	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327765	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327766	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327767	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327770	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327771	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327772	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327773	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327774	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327775	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327776	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327779	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327782	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327784	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327785	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327786	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_327787	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_33740	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_328033	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_33620	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_33649	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_328030	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_2857	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_2891	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_2885	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_2859	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_53394	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_334074	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_71785	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_253723	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_192914	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_38437	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_135358	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_56630	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_328858	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_162292	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_329745	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_68066	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_329994	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_96413	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_330104	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_330112	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_330110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_8828	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_62601	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_8548	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_112559	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9253	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_106557	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9632	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9670	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_62110	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10140	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_61893	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_90882	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9468	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9471	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10285	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9788	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_91037	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_115774	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_343068	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10422	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9715	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9592	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10657	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10568	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_62099	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_251356	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_62082	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10609	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10445	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11100	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11875	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11504	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10913	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10970	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11341	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11839	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_60055	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_10999	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11026	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_360219	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11024	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_59819	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11269	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_60300	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_341281	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11774	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_97913	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_115061	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_97853	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11216	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_121088	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_107924	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_60950	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11754	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_113430	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_12129	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_64265	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_12182	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_12214	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_71301	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_12018	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_11990	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16198	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16201	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_101406	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_61036	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16604	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16782	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18375	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16811	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17044	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_95163	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17441	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18347	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_153293	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17459	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17478	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17595	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_17670	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18338	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_62779	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_61721	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_109154	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_10695	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_109149	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_109120	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_11900	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_90883	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_109324	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_9297	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_61642	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_11904	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_116051	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_109114	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_11026	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_10421	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_8562	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_121448	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_119892	collected_from	collections_country_bahamas
occurrences_taxon_no_330655	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330659	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330635	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_150831	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_310350	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_298747	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_308666	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_307264	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_299230	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330664	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330680	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_59756	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330672	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_77821	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330670	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_79395	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_74147	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_4568	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330665	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330669	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_308035	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20372	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_4615	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_117384	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_9451	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_10660	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_114784	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_116409	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_116941	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_408927	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_345266	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_326391	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_158273	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_9322	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_17829	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_114776	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_116470	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_116488	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_17299	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_106168	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_115532	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_269147	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_408948	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_8167	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_114839	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_105504	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_17687	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_106785	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_136130	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_334752	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_213976	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_51116	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42255	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48343	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42278	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_331088	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_106762	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39760	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_331113	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_7411	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_331367	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_331248	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_310453	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29842	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_29327	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_299158	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_136510	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44522	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_46262	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_395216	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_45016	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_49517	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_395891	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_425309	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33951	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424264	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_395893	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33986	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149429	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_170866	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_57437	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_38673	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_319107	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_319099	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_332984	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_333145	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_333146	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_171615	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_333849	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_137726	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_272419	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_104308	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_333969	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_15489	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273283	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14814	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42934	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_53999	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_334113	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_334116	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_53994	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_334323	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_150278	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_38341	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_68074	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_334436	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_150945	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65451	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_334967	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_335147	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_335149	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_232003	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_335148	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_335151	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_202304	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_63031	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_413557	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98316	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_335206	collected_from	collections_country_kenya
occurrences_taxon_no_335217	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_242725	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_335354	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35309	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_53229	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_67351	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_54194	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_197017	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38798	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38712	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_38340	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_39879	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_212350	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_83640	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_62737	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_135387	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_276598	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_325744	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_252554	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_400813	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_131414	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_412368	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98306	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98164	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_412887	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98163	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98158	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_67149	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_413783	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_411460	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_225080	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_356292	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38400	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_276019	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43515	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_103793	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267455	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_395298	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_355948	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_356291	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_37435	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_67664	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_335466	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_143611	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267456	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267453	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267454	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_409017	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265780	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_327562	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_105045	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42038	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_53188	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_188836	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43320	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40627	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_209057	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_98345	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_55350	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_155621	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_96627	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_246326	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_276023	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_161177	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_356389	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43518	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267457	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42074	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_354639	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265781	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_83788	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_179616	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_37589	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38069	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38425	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_143587	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40052	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_100399	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_66292	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_188863	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_93606	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43467	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_76978	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_276050	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42135	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40639	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40636	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40660	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40840	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_354642	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_251791	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_37599	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40002	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40051	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43628	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_57068	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_57069	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_276042	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42056	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_267458	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42134	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_335777	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_355270	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_66279	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_55233	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_61552	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264568	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264497	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_63613	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_37927	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_192480	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_173279	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_117315	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_176100	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43644	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43373	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42061	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42088	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_64973	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_34700	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42089	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264699	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264702	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264698	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265705	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265706	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_18480	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265020	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265015	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_17504	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_59856	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_61338	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_87098	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_823	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_859	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1109	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_2221	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1594	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1023	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1638	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_2428	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1702	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_2721	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_2414	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_948	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_1849	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_59760	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_265618	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_59623	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24017	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24031	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24150	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24224	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24431	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_24025	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_2232	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_256136	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_38413	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42082	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_251860	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42095	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_247623	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40693	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_264574	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_34745	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_40046	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43527	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42145	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_83800	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_122365	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_279980	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_42096	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_36986	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_56794	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_135922	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_332332	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56838	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56843	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_37564	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_139014	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56786	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_37065	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_331592	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_39117	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_39116	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_335655	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_64135	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_37808	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_168719	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_84142	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_295501	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_336072	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_336264	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_336376	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_336377	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_336384	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_376491	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_334953	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_336692	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_336708	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53648	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244512	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_47880	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_243556	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243561	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43520	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42083	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_336949	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53477	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53888	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_337338	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_336957	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_276791	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_324088	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_277355	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276783	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252446	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_286217	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276671	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_330010	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252556	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276580	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252542	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_322100	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_252723	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_178839	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_244720	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_242929	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243029	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_240095	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243088	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_419409	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243055	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243053	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_77000	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244538	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53498	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244760	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_335589	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244722	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43600	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244666	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_244662	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43637	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243635	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_76999	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42049	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_337013	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243052	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53469	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53488	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53716	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53715	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53887	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_36958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91714	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_90424	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_337705	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_337328	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_337716	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116607	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_297477	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_337910	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_338251	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_338254	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_338255	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_317036	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_170249	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_338357	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_169382	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140065	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140062	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_177888	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_16556	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_171868	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_139895	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_186095	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_289318	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_234043	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_197964	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140072	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_198321	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_31508	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_32611	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_197952	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_60075	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_174213	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_338918	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339100	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_37950	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_94066	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38044	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38153	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53353	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_401373	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_39348	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_369374	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166654	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40103	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247139	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234430	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_235548	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_432897	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166636	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234451	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247653	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247654	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247887	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234486	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248227	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248225	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40180	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166623	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40142	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_348433	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_231481	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_233285	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40152	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_162501	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_162548	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_380042	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248582	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248596	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248597	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166603	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248586	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248589	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248577	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234545	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234541	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234643	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234627	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234537	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41909	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234852	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339027	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339568	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339567	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339764	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339574	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339813	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_339828	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339827	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_174010	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339847	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339853	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339918	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339903	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339905	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339915	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_148737	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339909	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339917	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_103643	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_339904	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_62514	collected_from	collections_country_bosnia and herzegovina
occurrences_taxon_no_17949	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_339996	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_10419	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_339992	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_12214	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_340042	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_12204	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_340043	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_11358	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_12153	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_340007	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_8068	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_339855	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_44596	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340398	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_340450	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_340452	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_340454	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_340453	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_340457	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_340470	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_340471	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_340474	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_340479	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_12239	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_340504	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_340668	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_340695	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_340697	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_340713	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339842	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_340715	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339514	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_340815	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_340814	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_38975	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56780	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380553	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56770	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56800	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_77031	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_77030	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380585	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_367383	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380586	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_367381	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380595	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_339669	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56971	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_331025	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_345869	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_341550	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_81422	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_341674	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_341677	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_341857	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_79185	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_8378	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_55067	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_396367	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55068	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55065	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_83629	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55062	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157337	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_337675	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_341571	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_264404	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55955	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157350	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157341	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157342	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55984	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_56210	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55969	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54594	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54583	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55942	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55292	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54588	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55294	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55296	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_53623	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54688	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_52908	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157347	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157348	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_54721	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157353	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_56059	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_342057	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55317	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_71231	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_377129	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_957	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2432	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1394	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1776	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1568	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1480	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2612	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1296	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2303	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_898	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1810	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2471	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1401	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2341	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2647	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2594	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2364	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1136	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87958	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_342861	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_343094	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_343110	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_343237	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343261	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_343267	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_360712	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_343442	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_42977	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_344206	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_344336	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_344335	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_235448	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_13148	collected_from	collections_country_slovakia
occurrences_taxon_no_1809	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1596	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_71226	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2821	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2192	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1881	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_377127	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2631	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87963	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87751	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88574	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88284	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87984	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2361	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1526	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87944	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87946	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1528	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2141	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88703	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88031	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88494	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87794	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_313737	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_422359	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_388389	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_388393	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_422304	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_82236	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_113298	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_298168	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_255396	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_421973	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1109	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_859	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1262	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1914	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_71238	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1495	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2197	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_208762	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87684	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87842	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87681	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_424280	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_255407	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88631	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_424492	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87680	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_364628	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87863	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87795	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87808	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_424283	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_255390	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_897	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1156	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2517	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_155899	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_112265	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2186	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1426	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_2321	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1075	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_1439	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_794	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_88651	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87976	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_87917	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344860	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34002	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344859	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_265987	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_348570	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340368	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344776	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34001	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_132844	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344850	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_149849	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_393016	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_339627	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33901	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_345253	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_72048	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_83295	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37450	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_120649	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_58160	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37667	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_345434	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_53179	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_179266	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_180454	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_180456	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_192925	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_109652	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_40573	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_345436	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_41435	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_347892	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_98780	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_131095	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_345438	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_152716	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_68281	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_345552	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_345558	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_345790	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_345792	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_345807	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_345825	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_229308	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_341551	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37708	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_339851	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_131476	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37669	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_346163	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_255233	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_345859	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_2624	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_82217	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_1498	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_345865	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345875	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_346051	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_345989	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151901	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_60693	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_355204	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_377134	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34601	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_346030	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34802	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63784	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_346029	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37383	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_100290	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_63172	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37627	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37786	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_38816	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_346048	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_346056	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_346059	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_346061	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34528	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_346082	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34544	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_346130	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_336113	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_346307	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_346415	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_361723	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63410	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_166602	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54233	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_161666	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57600	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_54798	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_34325	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_259735	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_346644	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_287292	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_1529	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_422345	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_398748	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_1503	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_1521	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_127999	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_346727	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_379976	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_38069	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_346765	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388023	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31902	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_328735	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26554	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4591	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16394	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_433088	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_249583	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_433084	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_433085	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40127	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166626	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166630	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248449	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248421	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234411	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_162496	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_352752	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428463	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_335242	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143793	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368078	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368176	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_347026	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_243913	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_432416	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_432417	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_432418	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_347160	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_turkmenistan
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_turkmenistan
occurrences_taxon_no_264450	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264447	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_40750	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_347197	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347184	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347299	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_344776	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_33901	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_324235	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_34002	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_344867	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_347346	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_393133	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_338435	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_347379	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_347423	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42541	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48279	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42545	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42549	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41190	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41246	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67308	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105180	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_347555	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_149333	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347556	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347557	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347559	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347560	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_382694	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_179739	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_149312	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347553	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_95988	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_347554	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_83892	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_163536	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_67049	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_63959	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_84915	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67217	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_85218	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_81829	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_347699	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68292	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_40102	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40107	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40185	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53066	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247559	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40120	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53069	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151845	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_153139	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151852	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4730	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151857	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151846	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_153195	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151855	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151844	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_118643	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_118746	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347860	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347866	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347871	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_361292	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_347873	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42678	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_37731	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_364472	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_197643	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8311	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347961	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_104234	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347958	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347959	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_198923	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347962	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_77210	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347963	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347964	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_9117	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_77597	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_10047	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347968	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347970	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347965	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8950	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347967	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8535	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_347969	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_12086	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_374256	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_374219	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53975	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_348172	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_234548	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234476	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_231483	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40153	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_249619	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40171	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248576	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40165	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234414	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40184	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_231485	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234442	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_431865	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40100	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41923	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41904	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40676	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_348245	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_348483	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347366	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_43223	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348513	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_94290	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348683	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_348734	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_348732	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_42991	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_348887	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344864	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33837	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33859	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_421140	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34071	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_348611	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33895	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_340379	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33893	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_351265	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_422003	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_351272	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_301183	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_344857	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_424024	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_348610	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33925	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33901	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_344905	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_119783	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348551	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348701	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348556	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348702	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41461	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348904	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_132053	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348848	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_119863	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_94301	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348906	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347808	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_40908	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57925	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348601	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41036	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_72064	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348698	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348907	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41230	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_395667	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41307	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348908	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_99724	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_49652	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_349689	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43277	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43264	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43137	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_97607	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42680	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_349725	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_54467	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37675	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_350383	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_349699	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350385	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350386	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350384	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41586	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41996	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41992	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41986	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350391	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347502	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57277	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41979	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347496	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347500	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350395	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_40441	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_40245	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_135585	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_40689	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57540	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_49711	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347173	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_42361	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347731	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_42362	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_67466	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57043	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37899	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_180602	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_37993	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38093	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_38098	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_104696	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_143587	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_374320	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350427	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57541	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350456	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_43007	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_43126	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_350423	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_43106	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_58355	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_40749	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_374309	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_367674	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_45017	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_104172	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_104251	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_149389	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_149673	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_149382	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_369000	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_231747	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_365993	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_315644	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_347900	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_347875	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_1809	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_34607	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_37685	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_350563	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_350710	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350721	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350722	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350724	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42801	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42887	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_402626	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42806	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42843	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42762	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42718	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_185969	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_424085	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_432906	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_104224	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_42805	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_115826	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_43196	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_280637	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41026	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_430489	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41623	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41598	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_397320	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_118540	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41846	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_109643	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41892	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_40443	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_54273	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_350777	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_350818	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_91875	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_350834	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_5083	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_203319	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_98565	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3532	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_105325	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_136684	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_21198	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112275	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_351785	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_373551	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_319276	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29766	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29950	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_313223	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_341058	collected_from	collections_country_zambia
occurrences_taxon_no_341060	collected_from	collections_country_zambia
occurrences_taxon_no_347874	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37992	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_318123	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38156	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_347323	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_308083	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41812	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41899	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41897	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41930	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41583	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_53930	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42183	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_40367	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_24713	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_23924	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_23957	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_24702	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_23949	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_24194	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_24043	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_24157	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_24681	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_1995	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_1766	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_1789	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_1982	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_119732	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_131616	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_118124	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6190	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_118215	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6301	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6314	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17044	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_9632	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_9489	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_10393	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_10643	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_15309	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_15155	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_15116	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_105325	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_112179	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_81704	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_16904	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_18530	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_197007	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_53601	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_81720	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_31153	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6250	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_27069	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_351796	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_197124	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_354396	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_31101	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_7379	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_19839	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_20206	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_21384	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_21291	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_306372	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419851	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381433	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419854	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_351837	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_351838	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_351839	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_19843	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_20071	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_19921	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_155475	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350632	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_306226	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350665	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_369621	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_270339	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_306367	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26327	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_20206	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33714	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33636	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_270341	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_248696	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39557	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_351980	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_360803	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_360778	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_205367	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_34974	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_205446	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_352388	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_352598	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344777	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340650	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344862	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_344872	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_354775	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_347299	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_352598	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_41917	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_94218	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_118946	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_91475	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_40869	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_433181	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_372281	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_117158	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_104229	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_374425	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42824	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38136	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_1623	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_162619	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_83875	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_353133	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_353134	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_352621	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_352624	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_266344	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36070	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_353180	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26857	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353177	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26961	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353171	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353173	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353175	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353181	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_353663	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_55027	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353500	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_81251	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_331392	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_353503	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353505	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84917	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353507	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148170	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_354124	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_354506	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_354509	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305414	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_354503	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_26796	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394050	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_311971	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305441	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_354508	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_309773	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_155716	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20758	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_421578	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_28319	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_28314	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26869	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26781	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_26879	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21485	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21088	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20390	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21716	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21620	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21111	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21185	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21352	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_28220	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_46592	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51799	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_354362	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355593	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355592	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_28316	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355594	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355595	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355596	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355599	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355598	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26961	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26890	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_8514	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26838	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68053	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355610	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_313478	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26363	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_303571	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26872	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355611	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26999	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355613	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28287	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26346	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26388	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26770	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26878	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27019	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27375	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28306	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28314	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_313494	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_124325	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26658	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26459	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26757	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28220	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27013	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_86572	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85004	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_134808	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_355640	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_355677	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355673	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355670	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355675	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_84998	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355674	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27416	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26797	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147237	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147234	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355687	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355680	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147236	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26907	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147238	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26343	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26396	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26938	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147233	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355683	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147239	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_309854	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355685	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_197124	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29819	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26395	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355694	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_350524	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350525	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350527	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350529	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350530	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350534	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_355701	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_381042	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_306433	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_31085	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_371140	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_151092	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_371135	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_151129	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_31064	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_355703	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_31129	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_31128	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_371138	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_30813	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_355727	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147235	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_306457	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_352924	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355728	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355729	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_355754	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_266024	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_27219	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26993	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_299813	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26323	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_303918	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26485	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_311815	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_28278	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_355900	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_329888	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_103912	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_355918	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_355925	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_355926	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_40398	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_355973	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_355975	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_110536	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_41988	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_41992	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_374348	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_53142	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_64490	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_104973	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_356268	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97910	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_370727	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_423748	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42746	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_67872	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_45235	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47183	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49894	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47445	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52715	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45629	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43667	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45733	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40978	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47178	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_307874	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_356574	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46335	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40574	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49534	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44150	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48554	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40318	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46796	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50320	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46962	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45239	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40903	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_48090	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_356575	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40223	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40618	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44158	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45974	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_98682	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45232	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_47446	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51112	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52528	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_40553	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_260835	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_111371	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154690	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_153967	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154693	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_87682	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_356994	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_358388	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_357148	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53195	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_358021	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_224750	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_237515	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_121040	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_155355	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358296	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358254	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7376	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7370	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167506	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358242	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358243	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_81584	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_22093	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358346	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358347	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358341	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358336	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358339	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358334	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_170547	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19075	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358255	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26469	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_150995	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_179256	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_179257	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_69567	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_117840	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358245	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_27216	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_358273	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_131452	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_289407	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_371278	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_40594	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42238	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_361542	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_177311	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_136244	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_125301	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183625	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27290	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_126320	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_173312	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_123607	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_391253	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_123529	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_391254	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_123530	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_192430	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_358869	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_376162	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_358757	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_358806	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_358881	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_359117	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27509	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_86570	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26983	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28974	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26648	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_359307	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_359310	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_187906	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_396040	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_396358	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_396352	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_396353	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19563	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20623	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20624	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_68851	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22024	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_396365	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26877	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_8208	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19060	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19663	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20902	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19567	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_2907	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_2936	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19043	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22105	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22217	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22095	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7370	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_169158	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7314	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7506	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19104	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22218	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_22108	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_18946	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_169159	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19033	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19293	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19500	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19591	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19629	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19718	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_94357	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_3335	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_2926	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_3611	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7439	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7619	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_7011	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_4591	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26435	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26740	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19082	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_375339	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_44508	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39075	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_42765	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42381	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42778	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_390268	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42666	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_360236	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_360517	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_35353	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35614	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35673	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_36027	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35703	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_301251	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35660	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_353977	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361069	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35980	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35957	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_356289	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361215	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361244	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361213	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_83279	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_301611	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35322	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361243	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35909	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361198	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35681	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361220	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35781	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35983	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35545	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_36086	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35551	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35664	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_300793	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35406	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361226	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_301620	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35677	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_82270	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_36246	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361454	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361089	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35358	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361200	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361204	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_35942	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361208	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361211	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361242	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361199	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361201	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361202	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361203	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361217	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361225	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361239	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_361160	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_67331	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53155	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_368375	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_38393	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_189247	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_53881	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_224097	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_63054	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_361415	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_376880	collected_from	collections_country_georgia
occurrences_taxon_no_328443	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_42971	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_41073	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_337864	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_95925	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_270562	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_344097	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_361577	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_361579	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_343379	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_361580	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_42020	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_344094	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_99150	collected_from	collections_country_georgia
occurrences_taxon_no_360736	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_41178	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_55064	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51401	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_336364	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83457	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44956	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39552	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39513	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50414	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_50603	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44840	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45315	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168584	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_157448	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_157450	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_224042	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_52691	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_160980	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_44860	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41024	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_52604	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_40901	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_430610	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41525	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_54232	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_365948	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_81586	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_344112	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_344525	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_317864	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_36413	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_39658	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_364376	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_44256	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42671	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_362189	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_362190	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_362188	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_85002	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_362192	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_197376	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42770	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_363059	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_363169	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_46666	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_46308	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42738	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_44374	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_38441	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_45785	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_52112	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_363747	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_46856	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41876	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_48057	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41746	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_44840	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_44603	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_51364	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42727	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_49036	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42181	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43836	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_47842	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_48954	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_44963	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_110431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42709	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_51618	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_43258	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_41060	collected_from	collections_country_chad
occurrences_taxon_no_41059	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_39012	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_266622	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_49734	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_367963	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_367965	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_231459	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_133366	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_171914	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_70453	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_363794	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_65884	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363791	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363935	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92072	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92064	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92053	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_42977	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_70678	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_72204	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42978	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_65037	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_42953	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_251791	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43391	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_69691	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_102704	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_364300	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_35343	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_35186	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_364317	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_364381	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_356116	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_360670	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_360737	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_360752	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_360753	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_360784	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_360742	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_360743	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_360796	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_360808	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_360790	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_357769	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_265772	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_364638	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_389325	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_53981	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35549	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35617	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_35920	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_53986	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_343388	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_355887	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_358056	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_343401	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_356138	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_399034	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_55549	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_365249	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_344857	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_365326	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_365393	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_365615	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1464	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3490	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1463	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1011	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151846	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151856	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151850	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_415972	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_415975	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_152866	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_4122	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151852	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_153195	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_415983	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_152963	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19025	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_153176	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_151857	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_153133	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_153162	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_153170	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_148100	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19025	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4703	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_230277	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4691	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4122	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4666	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4510	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_70138	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_108246	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112274	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112869	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4728	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4717	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4729	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4733	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4736	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4722	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4720	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152411	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_121409	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366395	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39692	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_39695	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_21744	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19225	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19228	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21571	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19840	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19967	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_363967	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_363962	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_368662	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_363973	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_329645	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_366656	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_366657	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_167982	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_90536	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_17468	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_395027	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_266201	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_83263	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_173404	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_71846	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42193	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_47533	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34538	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83164	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83192	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83209	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83212	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_95928	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83168	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34721	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83162	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34706	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_366707	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_366741	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_366952	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_265772	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_367050	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_385228	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_351996	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_100311	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_143638	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_43303	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_104729	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_43196	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_43199	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_131984	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_42463	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_108544	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_132664	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_132663	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_42598	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_42627	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_41966	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_39633	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_37590	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_331064	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_324103	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_120591	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_312810	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_380434	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_225982	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_19057	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_42155	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_367072	collected_from	collections_country_uganda
occurrences_taxon_no_42802	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41724	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_41592	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_250651	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_367111	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_43395	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42751	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43244	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42520	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_161170	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_97137	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_233574	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_45560	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_161234	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_149604	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367209	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367210	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367262	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367263	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_282543	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367265	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42046	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367266	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367267	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_61805	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_372624	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367307	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367306	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367309	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_372628	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367310	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_31606	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_48856	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_367454	collected_from	collections_country_chad
occurrences_taxon_no_31771	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_110817	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25280	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25211	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_256927	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_309954	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_367470	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_177301	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_110795	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20512	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20494	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_21491	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19724	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5033	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_29803	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5466	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_5322	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_75058	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_77635	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_80460	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_58465	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_69517	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_73337	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_307386	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19582	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_309463	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_310016	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_179940	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_179942	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_179944	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_332948	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_249805	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_401236	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_113813	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_249807	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_387465	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_58730	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37731	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_38127	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_64962	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_53229	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_53081	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_364325	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_37890	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_37899	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_37946	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_53235	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_40443	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_376804	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_376806	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_56994	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_158501	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_94475	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_94476	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_40646	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_40676	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_40678	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_143657	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_104194	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_41525	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_131916	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_394169	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_104954	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_41877	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_41776	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_54139	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_54140	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_104205	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_41897	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_36322	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_41923	collected_from	collections_country_israel
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_280854	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28796	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_306645	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_19691	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_21543	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_21780	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_20035	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_308442	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_19740	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_19759	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_16106	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8470	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_57124	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8943	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8844	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_10074	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_7825	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_7675	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_96137	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_86572	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27519	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27539	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_300707	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27556	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_124129	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_28081	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_298624	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27229	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_110279	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_27384	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_29819	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_86571	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_307194	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_26891	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_26730	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_26895	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_307167	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_26717	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_26647	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_177670	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_368558	collected_from	collections_country_bulgaria
occurrences_taxon_no_103502	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_368826	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_368827	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_103521	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_368822	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_368813	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_203376	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_369576	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_39629	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_368044	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_369603	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_21479	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_369675	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_331874	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_21619	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_21431	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_19691	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_67083	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_73006	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_79128	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_7701	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_26803	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_315440	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_50534	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_370018	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_358411	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_64089	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99791	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_66716	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_391622	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_309845	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344860	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344797	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344732	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344871	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_263680	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_37708	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_370228	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_64194	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_4835	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_113771	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4875	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5037	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4994	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_416334	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_112597	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_81477	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_81472	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5951	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54325	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_365530	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_308668	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3338	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4799	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5022	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3429	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3396	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_121358	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_121356	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_370353	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34001	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_59042	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_60750	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_17772	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_60749	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148881	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_9532	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_355743	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_27327	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26899	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_39682	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_249805	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_332948	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_113813	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_288758	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_364842	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_335215	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_64962	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_64898	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_249810	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_373745	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_296305	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_371025	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_367942	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_55064	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_355705	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_197675	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_197673	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38642	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_56657	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_19827	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_31071	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_31508	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_19061	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_31187	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371476	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371484	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371478	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371488	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_30959	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371479	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371485	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_31198	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371482	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371477	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371487	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_123859	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_97337	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_371483	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_2	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_122603	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_35590	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_371750	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_366087	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58757	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_92317	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_364842	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_335674	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_39686	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_336370	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_83621	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_83434	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_379183	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_376852	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_133772	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_368503	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_369035	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_369360	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374515	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_372000	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_372004	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_372112	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_247409	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372113	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372114	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372116	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372119	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372125	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_372131	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_372158	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_372265	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_51261	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_44422	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_265661	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_265659	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_106733	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_347445	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_364672	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_39811	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_46067	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_49944	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_381674	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82509	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_377369	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_372885	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_372977	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_372979	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_373032	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_373052	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_379205	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_373058	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_54309	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41020	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_159798	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_43224	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42685	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42667	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42666	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42751	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41055	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41066	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_373215	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_347530	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_347830	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_420807	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_351275	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_34043	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_34014	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_420822	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_346739	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_373355	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_373356	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_354253	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_350585	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_317969	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33668	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33753	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_84632	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33679	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33747	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_373310	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_72217	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_131508	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_131507	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_373991	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_374034	collected_from	collections_country_guadeloupe
occurrences_taxon_no_374099	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_140518	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_194926	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_252395	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252394	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264390	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264406	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_252397	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_374213	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_374215	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_35920	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_37693	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_235461	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_160440	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_65235	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_34621	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_34643	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_401068	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_374218	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_139951	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_122595	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_140319	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_374394	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_374395	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_4835	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_374393	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_5714	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_374412	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_374496	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_149411	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_374704	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_53543	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_374740	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374741	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374543	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374765	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_338770	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_69036	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_69063	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_141556	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_68367	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_64094	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_375154	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34044	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18145	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16977	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_65205	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_304827	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_3743	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_3806	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5124	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5190	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_115421	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5452	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_172925	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5146	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5230	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5718	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_248793	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_6077	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5167	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_249049	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5560	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_172932	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5252	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5564	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5374	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5188	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_248797	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5201	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5150	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5383	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5588	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_375510	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_19242	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19302	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20034	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33731	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378105	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378663	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378148	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_426744	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_82596	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19165	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20220	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_75128	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26895	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_124260	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_19834	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_21430	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_87613	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_255012	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_255017	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_25824	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26932	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_365767	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397507	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5717	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5951	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_86508	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_56444	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_110453	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4874	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26735	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33698	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_431641	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5349	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_81477	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_87610	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_114662	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_84999	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25550	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65923	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27932	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_27381	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94948	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54126	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_13602	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_263055	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_376194	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_377252	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_377247	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_377245	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_56872	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_376426	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_376490	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_375114	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_170540	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_137154	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14377	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_137160	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_170557	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_375156	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_172057	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_376615	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_36436	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142399	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_376758	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_179487	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_164857	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_166072	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_539	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_211	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_614	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_636	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_377052	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_178202	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_324	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_66397	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_152690	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_5	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_377227	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_377259	collected_from	collections_country_lebanon
occurrences_taxon_no_377262	collected_from	collections_country_lebanon
occurrences_taxon_no_377274	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_172333	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_38210	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_37070	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_151343	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_90341	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_377471	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_177679	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_140431	collected_from	collections_country_tanzania
occurrences_taxon_no_377473	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_67452	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_333719	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_99802	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_377475	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_377478	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_64227	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16339	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_37687	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_60542	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_60971	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_18466	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_377630	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_209443	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_373041	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_140688	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_196149	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_7155	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_271165	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_84867	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_3328	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_85931	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6607	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_328668	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6610	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_3478	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6921	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6387	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6250	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54237	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6799	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6896	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_423173	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_112284	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_3498	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_84866	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6551	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6833	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_415735	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6534	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6796	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54314	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6667	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6305	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6455	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6274	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6357	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6423	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54419	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6188	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54317	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6905	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6415	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_377743	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_377768	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_25213	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_124262	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_304938	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_20217	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_21482	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_19815	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_85380	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_259132	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_320071	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_21451	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_308029	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_56897	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_377744	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_310735	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_377747	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_377742	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_country_zambia
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_377815	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_31981	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_377817	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_175414	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_93264	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_82357	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_138652	collected_from	collections_country_greenland
occurrences_taxon_no_377833	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_36578	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378016	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_378185	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378220	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_378218	collected_from	collections_country_latvia
occurrences_taxon_no_218915	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_378221	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366711	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_42678	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_366711	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_376909	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_139595	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_383306	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_17230	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_18145	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_10206	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_385017	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_346788	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_181607	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_179739	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_9410	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_10706	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_179737	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_383935	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_179716	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_8185	collected_from	collections_country_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_197964	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_83554	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_139895	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_323689	collected_from	collections_country_ethiopia
occurrences_taxon_no_104153	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_366711	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_3436	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_71974	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34004	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384273	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_416794	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_432840	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_381108	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384255	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34030	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_381113	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33958	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33973	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33841	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384258	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_416795	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_416775	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_381118	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33843	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_416812	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33860	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34019	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34002	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_335779	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378412	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_381532	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_378505	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_95925	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_378409	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_151350	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_355707	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378448	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_351087	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_351092	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_66279	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264094	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42138	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_117314	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43439	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43409	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56637	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_21658	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_19854	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_21499	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_82596	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_26920	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_26659	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_7391	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_7629	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378466	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_39679	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_264081	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_39676	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_129737	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39693	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105697	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105696	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105695	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_206642	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39591	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_367944	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_210682	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_332074	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_156486	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_378520	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_378521	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378512	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378354	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378350	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378537	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_355129	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378542	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378565	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_302431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_64085	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_194828	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_194821	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_249179	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_92017	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_378676	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_378783	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_237259	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2028	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183839	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183846	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1131	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1897	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2571	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1762	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1133	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_126711	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27702	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_110439	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186815	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186115	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_274186	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_174614	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16505	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207710	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_124366	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27674	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27560	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_18793	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_9388	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_8372	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_9129	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29093	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_206585	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_378789	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_128540	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_134674	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_144819	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_141228	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_148435	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_188583	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27121	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_140080	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27194	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27339	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207171	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_18734	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16826	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_413917	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_17279	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_255757	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16438	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_274197	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13315	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_21337	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_378795	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_378798	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_378803	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_378811	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378811	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_378811	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_59288	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16597	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_17390	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16511	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_378840	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378849	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_84976	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378846	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378848	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378844	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378842	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_348828	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378845	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_378841	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_323231	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_14767	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_348810	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_373107	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_195893	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_199859	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_199868	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_342732	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_379135	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379132	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_259363	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_299981	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_142852	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379130	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_270917	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379123	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379122	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_191123	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23880	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379121	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_65005	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_187303	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23283	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379129	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_379136	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_169400	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379137	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379138	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379139	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379143	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379144	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379145	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379147	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_142867	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379148	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379149	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379150	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379151	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379152	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379153	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_259373	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_65007	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379154	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_290548	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379156	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23849	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_249769	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23919	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379161	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_170781	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_191122	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_65018	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_165835	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_290558	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24287	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_270919	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24522	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_65011	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24184	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24291	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379160	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24623	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_142870	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24383	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24468	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23302	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24289	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379165	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24602	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24550	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24079	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24512	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24469	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379162	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24462	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23901	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379163	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23781	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24713	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379164	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23063	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_379124	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24334	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24279	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_24254	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_23794	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_272079	collected_from	collections_country_kenya
occurrences_taxon_no_68405	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_379204	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_122361	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_122363	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_378581	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43431	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_169994	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42121	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42069	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42079	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43405	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_117318	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_394809	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_117307	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_44307	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43579	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_117309	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_259794	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83732	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83728	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_231788	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_418913	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43497	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_104792	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_81628	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83799	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43587	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43646	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_379362	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83805	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_379241	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42963	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_36083	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_53275	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_368307	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_335294	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368490	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368000	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368755	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_39603	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368061	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368309	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_379254	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_368009	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_186396	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_110948	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_36648	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_46384	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_301921	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_44837	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_44860	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_44860	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_379347	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_379350	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_378349	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38370	collected_from	collections_country_senegal
occurrences_taxon_no_1091	collected_from	collections_country_senegal
occurrences_taxon_no_1881	collected_from	collections_country_senegal
occurrences_taxon_no_2146	collected_from	collections_country_senegal
occurrences_taxon_no_379451	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_379453	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_199769	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_273735	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_269651	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14749	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_273740	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_269551	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14967	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_273739	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_273672	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15826	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_273679	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_239452	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15384	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15397	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_380544	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380588	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_379331	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_380665	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_39441	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_234021	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_423132	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_104878	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_41728	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_104811	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42116	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_68403	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42108	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_263257	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279732	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_151097	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_120178	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_367239	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_270813	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_40047	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_388621	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_97908	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279735	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42048	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_380667	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_380548	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_39019	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_39134	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_380794	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_380798	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_190776	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_38415	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_131837	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_131836	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_131839	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_131838	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_131840	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_305973	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_279730	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279731	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_380816	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_81900	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_133879	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_372638	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_380893	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34605	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_381772	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_381767	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_381028	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_30813	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_381233	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381229	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381234	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381235	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381231	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_356484	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42126	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_39594	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_90420	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3841	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7319	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85336	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85331	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_217353	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7520	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65533	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_58711	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_66103	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7874	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7953	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65546	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381054	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65583	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_170588	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_90450	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7669	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_155355	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7301	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104526	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381056	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_65583	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_381069	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_65390	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_7863	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_7868	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_65597	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_76733	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_381054	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_381057	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_7866	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_7864	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_65577	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_65597	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7762	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_366491	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_366490	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_366488	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18886	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_426009	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_58739	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_381466	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_256645	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_57616	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38044	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_381501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7693	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_399539	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_37948	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_64898	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_64916	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_53933	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_57005	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_366014	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_374542	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_41062	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_104224	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_90215	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_42801	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_42704	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_381528	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_381530	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378354	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378546	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_378351	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_378512	collected_from	collections_country_niger
occurrences_taxon_no_381536	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_39049	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_278262	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_374166	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_25932	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_430761	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_384137	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168363	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168362	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94319	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103008	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103054	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_335360	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_303106	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_392225	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_432365	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33183	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1023	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1033	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1342	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_354833	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2278	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_354860	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1679	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1812	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2771	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_936	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1051	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2282	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2760	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_331051	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_331054	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_331054	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_156486	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_82509	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_64084	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_381661	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_377361	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_381689	collected_from	collections_country_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_130328	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_345028	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_360508	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_381694	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_381691	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_381693	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_13148	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_13149	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_13165	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_381692	collected_from	collections_country_egypt
occurrences_taxon_no_369104	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_382035	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_261782	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_328741	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_328739	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345934	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_383082	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_383083	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_383084	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_383085	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_338775	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_338776	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_383099	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_157151	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_383264	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_37396	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_269999	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_252937	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37393	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_64882	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_42626	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_42628	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_42647	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_42382	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_43194	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37355	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37410	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_393924	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37401	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_37465	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_249809	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_38140	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_42391	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_383652	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58893	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2991	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_123399	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_383761	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_383759	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_383760	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27068	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_124336	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29918	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26370	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_319149	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_27725	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29876	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_125092	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_383769	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_383770	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_127839	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_127967	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128016	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27814	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27093	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_28121	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_125674	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_125871	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27339	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27869	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27631	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_126732	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_126142	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128212	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128226	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128228	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_127990	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_127998	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128286	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_125720	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128134	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_125510	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_27975	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_128325	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_383910	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_383914	collected_from	collections_country_north korea
occurrences_taxon_no_383916	collected_from	collections_country_north korea
occurrences_taxon_no_383960	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53261	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_383994	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_423062	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_384014	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_384028	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_384029	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_384027	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_256633	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14814	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_273283	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_257885	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_274506	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15119	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14670	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_14492	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_185596	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_274512	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15143	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_15243	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_199860	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_275443	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_357038	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_257755	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_357039	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_266880	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_384204	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_40475	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_364121	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58870	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_112784	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16345	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90324	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_430804	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_401022	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_293026	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_167861	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38442	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93488	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90532	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_167935	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_167914	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90721	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_292738	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17785	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169258	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_325966	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_325970	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_293252	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_167981	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18239	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_406019	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90537	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168094	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_98037	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97918	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_108631	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90508	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362557	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412286	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169086	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424147	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412816	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_146976	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362600	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_409446	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169151	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90526	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90524	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11138	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_408311	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_407372	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11232	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_394725	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_407356	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412786	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412794	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412781	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_408314	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412295	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362613	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412514	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11605	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11787	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362621	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362628	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362619	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412224	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_370071	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_414018	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_87450	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90506	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_394742	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_335362	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_384235	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340345	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412329	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_407406	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90527	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90529	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_170328	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90504	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_157325	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_105945	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_81485	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362580	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90513	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90134	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9704	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_402832	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_384595	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412797	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169072	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61844	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412321	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9297	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_430808	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412717	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8845	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362564	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_381839	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_370067	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_85649	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18510	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_402076	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90531	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25792	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_423049	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_210431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169002	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_93499	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_293255	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_293189	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168109	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12027	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10963	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169085	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169090	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_248937	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10711	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_370072	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412332	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412318	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9451	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422500	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_407278	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_362565	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97589	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169111	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_168064	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_162904	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11338	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10923	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90189	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412771	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_412323	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_158729	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8057	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_399198	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18056	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_293594	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90534	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83169	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422853	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_421630	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_384261	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_319562	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_190029	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_91380	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116941	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116422	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_17840	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_17887	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_106117	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_371661	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_102528	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116389	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16904	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116467	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_102001	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_114839	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_136059	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_116994	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_323789	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_135804	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_823	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_900	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_113293	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1032	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_241417	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1566	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1621	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1653	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1786	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1810	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1836	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1956	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2324	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_113304	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2758	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_113301	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_388393	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_388389	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_422399	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1917	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_113298	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_23913	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24002	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24024	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24154	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24521	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_384283	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_384374	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_261749	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384422	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384415	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384420	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384412	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384414	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384421	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384418	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384417	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4515	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_384419	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_14670	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273726	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_274506	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257899	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_343776	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273827	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_185596	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273015	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14749	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_239446	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_274507	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_343774	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_239445	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273837	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_272999	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384542	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_213404	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_384543	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_384544	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_299767	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_170908	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_389359	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_384953	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_65030	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_43286	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_385218	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_7805	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_81704	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_192906	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_70728	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_385627	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_385938	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_386038	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_273088	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269605	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15707	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273658	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257811	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257846	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273667	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183249	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14904	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183238	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183225	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183224	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15397	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273130	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183388	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15754	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322481	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14649	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_148838	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_138005	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148927	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_6770	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_257961	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183389	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14676	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15515	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_230995	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257892	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_77108	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269740	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15523	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_69970	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183398	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322287	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269737	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14800	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14678	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_77149	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322805	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15423	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15404	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322810	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_389481	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14646	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322820	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269723	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322823	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322776	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273329	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322781	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14960	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_259336	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269733	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269769	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_184565	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257895	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322807	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322819	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14856	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_184218	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_299661	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269760	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_184253	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_148923	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_64577	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_386332	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_386519	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_6114	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148866	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148829	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139336	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139341	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_54200	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_313931	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139355	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_386521	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139257	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_6183	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139333	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139359	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139259	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148817	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148917	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139251	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139345	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_139365	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_148926	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_6555	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83571	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_178897	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83589	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_149046	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6460	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_118475	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386559	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_143952	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17339	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_168949	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_309883	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17488	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17441	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_18354	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_8952	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_9013	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_91857	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_61632	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_9347	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_33055	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386563	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_61801	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_8062	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_22127	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_167464	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_178898	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_150332	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83596	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83599	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_149031	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83561	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_150313	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_149033	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_178443	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83603	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_150178	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_177323	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83595	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_149185	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_178817	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_149145	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_178818	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386548	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386549	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386547	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_143953	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_62560	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_9724	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386543	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_114259	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386542	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386546	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_62370	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386545	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_65773	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_54436	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_288974	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_14898	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15177	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183235	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_83605	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6557	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17013	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_59782	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17478	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_17595	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_118471	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_10760	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_83769	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6770	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6114	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6778	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_54334	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_183242	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_15112	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183226	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183228	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_257823	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_273116	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_183991	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_6438	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_6439	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_386561	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_8422	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_32612	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391043	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16007	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16601	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17634	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_60919	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16104	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16145	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8598	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8394	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11487	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12007	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11810	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8177	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_13148	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22304	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_155672	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58820	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9872	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33354	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16350	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16957	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_8395	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_9498	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_10961	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_7695	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183878	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104661	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104650	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_170751	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182828	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167547	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142575	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142577	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_386638	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_386640	collected_from	collections_country_laos
occurrences_taxon_no_104636	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_163944	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7424	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_185352	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182635	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_164608	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_163946	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65613	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_181250	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_181613	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7565	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_80010	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_76988	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_163945	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182701	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183694	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_181279	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_71142	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7950	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182837	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182839	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_76095	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_141338	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_76960	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_185359	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_260765	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7963	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182841	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186595	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182188	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_181017	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_85332	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182523	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186026	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182184	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_72752	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68888	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_141167	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_76975	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_185922	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142547	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183769	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149000	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_30737	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7304	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_150006	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149005	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183869	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186600	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_7928	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_65629	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182642	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182700	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_141572	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_196139	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_78508	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104641	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_379979	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_386800	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_43286	collected_from	collections_country_cuba
occurrences_taxon_no_184233	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_269759	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322783	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_322816	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88388	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88381	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88238	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88507	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87820	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87819	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88605	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87866	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88604	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88510	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88204	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88203	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88201	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88505	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87852	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87926	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88342	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87822	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88655	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88207	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88509	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88508	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88447	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87829	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87895	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_430293	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_141164	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_430292	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_430294	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_386970	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_170219	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_170218	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_430301	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_386971	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_386998	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387139	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_387188	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_387190	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_387202	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387301	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_88379	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88322	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88354	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88349	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88200	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87795	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_262142	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_156168	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_209243	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_387333	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_387332	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_54275	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_80507	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88641	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88253	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88352	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87826	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_88328	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_387351	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_4672	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387388	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_387438	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_72315	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387445	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387448	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_81113	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387441	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_77267	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_57430	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_348419	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_67240	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_142969	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68970	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_387497	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_321711	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_130856	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387504	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387502	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387500	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387498	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_130877	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387506	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_130498	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_129398	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_143393	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_129387	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_387503	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_299388	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_365915	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_264320	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_58837	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387583	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49788	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_44721	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39783	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_309374	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39779	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_377689	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_376557	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_376559	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_387661	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_133848	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_190413	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_387710	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_57471	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_387860	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387861	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387862	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387863	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387864	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387865	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387866	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387867	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387869	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387871	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387873	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387874	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387875	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387876	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_62514	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387840	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387841	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387842	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387852	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387853	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387854	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387855	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_85010	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_354601	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387856	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_340259	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_61805	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_387858	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_148454	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_92615	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_265987	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_252987	collected_from	collections_country_western sahara
occurrences_taxon_no_387917	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387962	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388124	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_387963	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_317218	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_317217	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388125	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388129	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25435	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388130	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388131	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129712	collected_from	collections_country_jordan
occurrences_taxon_no_388200	collected_from	collections_country_jordan
occurrences_taxon_no_122378	collected_from	collections_country_jordan
occurrences_taxon_no_388248	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388253	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_175253	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388258	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_185564	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_12618	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_181321	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_185501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_185472	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_86658	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_185495	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_187763	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_388345	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_97148	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39959	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43596	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_161170	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_49576	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43578	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_137144	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_137096	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43654	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42127	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42135	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_159117	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_41238	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_264376	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_224100	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_41079	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43001	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42440	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_41255	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_389269	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_388700	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_57626	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_388704	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_388706	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_22452	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16130	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_17916	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_9552	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_11804	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_222267	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_221054	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_223278	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_108486	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_372281	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374542	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_41026	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_52758	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_104552	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_104553	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_43199	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42821	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42843	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_402608	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_402629	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374497	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_331818	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42406	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_97758	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_161721	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_389478	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_389409	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_26401	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_306645	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_389398	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_275447	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_306829	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_305374	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_308245	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_389404	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_305376	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_27032	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_27025	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_354125	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_26840	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_81250	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_368773	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_389436	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_84867	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_140688	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_98565	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_24970	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_271164	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_54326	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_54808	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_119780	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_113590	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_32691	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_2225	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_82197	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_81704	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_1394	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_112201	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_3338	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_112197	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_2582	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_7155	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_200252	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_140687	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300493	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300499	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300487	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300497	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_309504	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_309503	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300482	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_15697	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300501	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_339084	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_300492	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_15498	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_15233	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_344972	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_15580	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_15468	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_344996	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_390024	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_390655	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_391040	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_298772	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_391159	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_391206	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_391221	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_391219	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104001	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29513	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_134672	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_150059	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28939	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_146310	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_146784	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_125265	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_391262	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_175496	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_226627	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_391267	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_391377	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391379	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391381	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276037	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391613	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391615	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391616	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34589	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_419339	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_66716	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391619	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276136	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391621	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391622	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154070	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391623	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154724	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391625	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_391611	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_391714	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_392451	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_365793	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_392640	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_392689	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_170652	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_389406	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_392979	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_389478	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26401	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_389398	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_298624	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_305376	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_392976	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_305374	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_308245	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_275447	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_420307	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33863	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_351275	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424024	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34051	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_330036	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_393171	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_342739	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_420060	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_344725	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34075	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_377134	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_64192	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_34700	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_289009	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_37590	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_36848	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_42381	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_108538	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_191390	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_42598	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_43194	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_43187	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_36380	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_43277	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_43247	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_43280	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_132660	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_34020	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33846	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_420820	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33859	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_420026	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_340384	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33904	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_393321	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_393288	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_346732	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421498	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34042	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34014	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34005	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33954	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33996	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_420102	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34053	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_393319	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33862	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34014	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33893	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_348611	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424018	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33883	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33668	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350661	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419856	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350829	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33710	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33788	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_393679	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_342739	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34000	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_340386	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_420598	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34069	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_33904	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_393399	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_393400	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_393398	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_63107	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_77369	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63103	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_77371	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63106	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63124	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_388886	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_394167	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_278345	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393653	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_259753	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393655	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393656	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_188882	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393674	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393658	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_393659	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83805	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_394250	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393986	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33828	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33818	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393396	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33825	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20540	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20248	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20078	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393739	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393644	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393496	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393443	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393747	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393745	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20610	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20124	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_231899	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20040	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393746	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20507	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19256	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_20278	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_394252	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33943	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393750	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_64798	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_138652	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_83912	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_209276	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_83907	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_10293	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_18929	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_133417	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_258461	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_294812	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_209236	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_204050	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_127744	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_278148	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_201199	collected_from	collections_country_tunisia
occurrences_taxon_no_393753	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_252628	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16821	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_383492	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_342756	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19990	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_19885	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21887	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_21211	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_2859	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33539	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33544	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33573	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33538	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_33556	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_378660	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378077	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33548	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33561	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378655	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_393848	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33778	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92615	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_159123	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_393897	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_378664	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33731	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378084	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378653	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33727	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378151	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_426742	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33652	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378666	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_84010	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33670	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_419634	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33655	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378649	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_426744	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33763	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_427891	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378024	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_378648	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_26566	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_85386	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_27415	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394045	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_198790	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394054	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_27432	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394053	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305465	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_84995	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_123483	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305403	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_305426	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_26928	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_27885	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394052	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_394097	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_394398	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_229725	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_300324	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394394	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394397	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14687	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_17240	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15117	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15813	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16802	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14492	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14466	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_334229	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394216	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43443	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_394238	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_394246	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_33455	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_294098	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_388338	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394401	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394403	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394405	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394406	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394409	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394410	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394415	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394417	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_394428	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_367976	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_401327	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_372829	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_289521	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_370570	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39513	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_368186	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_83484	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39603	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_429101	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39348	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_36640	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_429099	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39409	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39319	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_368919	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39441	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_370637	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_370668	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_370568	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_370569	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39312	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39502	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_371329	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_33561	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_33541	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_33556	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_394797	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_393846	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_378183	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_33778	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_378084	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_394804	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394805	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394812	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_57437	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_395043	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_395124	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395122	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395118	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395114	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395111	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395110	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33560	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33572	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395104	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395100	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395043	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395099	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395231	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_395274	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_395360	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_395392	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_395393	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_395394	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_395580	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395581	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395582	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395591	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395633	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395636	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_43450	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_395661	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_395660	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387557	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_433214	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_395669	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_433218	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_395673	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_348916	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_433220	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_42481	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_244530	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_158096	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_369788	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_158291	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_365356	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_367746	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_373516	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_368278	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_373492	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_379934	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43422	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318195	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_379933	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318196	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318197	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_106738	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_336371	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_376900	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42704	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_374579	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_197773	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_53384	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_160848	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_98799	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_395010	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_148943	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_38393	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_83934	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149316	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398537	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398536	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_395958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_345498	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_395961	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_395962	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_395963	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_395964	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2665	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1305	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54564	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16556	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_136993	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186095	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29199	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_174214	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_10354	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_358621	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_28663	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149320	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_380835	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166277	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166280	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_176953	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166246	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166247	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_176932	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_396004	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_396014	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_52808	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_396217	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_268039	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_135029	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_396959	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_396969	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_62288	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397040	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397039	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_359817	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_396673	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397046	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397034	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397035	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2414	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154147	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1693	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2232	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1201	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_250218	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1218	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_2006	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_59772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_103046	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_11149	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_89978	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58167	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_396667	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_61286	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_112571	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_24704	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_308462	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_111114	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_380494	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_386447	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397079	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397120	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397121	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397123	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_113497	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397125	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397129	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397130	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397131	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_146814	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397132	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397133	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397134	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397136	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397138	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397139	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397140	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397143	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397145	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397146	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397147	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397148	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397149	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397151	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_397240	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_100173	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397246	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_18125	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_90562	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16900	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_102373	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_93435	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_100162	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_18263	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_8700	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_18718	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_58808	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_429535	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397251	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397252	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_89304	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_10462	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397286	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_397255	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_40443	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_53930	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_55270	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_397257	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397258	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397259	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397261	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397324	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_397355	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397358	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_414617	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_64087	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_66094	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_141559	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_54520	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_397418	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_397419	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_172353	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_397514	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384415	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384411	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_384421	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_country_denmark
occurrences_taxon_no_12247	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17027	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_16595	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397636	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397768	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129467	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_87965	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_87969	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397773	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129469	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382852	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_277060	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276899	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88421	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129476	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129477	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_340268	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15015	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15655	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88756	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397788	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88657	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88653	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_88665	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_277073	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397779	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_38589	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_38664	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_54351	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_397797	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_397826	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_344429	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_397860	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_397908	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_3841	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_397941	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_397948	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_397997	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_398044	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_393650	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42060	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149333	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_198361	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_288789	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_157181	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_280710	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_26324	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399426	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_347560	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16955	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_177882	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_16759	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182905	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_17714	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_17371	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_166181	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_197661	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_145802	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_201199	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_387885	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_293214	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382340	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_6229	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17840	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_169213	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_398501	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398519	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398521	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_38134	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398520	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_398671	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_387463	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_288767	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_375940	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_250714	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_319067	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_281434	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_282540	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43533	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_68407	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_398850	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_398970	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_398973	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_398972	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_367682	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_346710	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_399170	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67212	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_399214	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37639	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_399337	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_399350	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_42307	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_43274	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_83025	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_399396	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_399398	collected_from	collections_country_estonia
occurrences_taxon_no_399399	collected_from	collections_country_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_58837	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_96667	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_39772	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_39874	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_399545	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_387465	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_37993	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_199119	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_250714	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_319690	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_238913	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1843	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1131	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1692	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_1106	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_129206	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_182604	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_115816	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_399679	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_399731	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399732	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399734	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399728	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183637	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_175788	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183636	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183633	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399735	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399737	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29161	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_173971	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_182742	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_173957	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183643	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183644	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29687	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183645	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399738	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29557	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183646	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183647	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183642	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399743	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399744	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_139587	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399745	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399747	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399748	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_399808	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_41843	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_41812	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_364967	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_232422	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_54873	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_47879	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_400334	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_400353	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_400653	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_427844	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_401260	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_401264	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_401266	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_401650	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_92644	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_402692	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_66316	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_218419	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_22575	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_222820	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_222823	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_400841	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_225131	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_400854	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_32124	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345941	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_402912	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_346160	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_32093	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_402908	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_402909	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_32185	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345936	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345940	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_259442	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_402911	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345932	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_32342	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_402952	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_32134	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_345943	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_35439	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_246626	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_419823	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_421272	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_358083	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_403602	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5337	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_25331	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_160084	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_97337	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_3351	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31872	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_403608	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_3395	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30743	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_403607	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_403606	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_83907	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_5301	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_403890	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_26689	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_31058	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_403909	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_404054	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_105151	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_404131	collected_from	collections_country_north korea
occurrences_taxon_no_404132	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_404139	collected_from	collections_country_north korea
occurrences_taxon_no_404172	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_301175	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_53981	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35536	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301277	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301266	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301264	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301299	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301260	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301256	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301317	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301320	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35619	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301338	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301331	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_246467	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301363	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301365	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301367	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35940	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301169	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35369	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301176	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301214	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36222	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_246636	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36207	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35715	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35734	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301376	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35712	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301384	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301254	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_300794	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35914	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36009	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36108	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36098	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35983	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35992	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35963	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_266404	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36008	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36041	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_300919	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_332801	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35463	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301272	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35402	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301381	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35682	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35676	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35664	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36230	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_361523	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301280	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301268	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35620	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301793	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35717	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35670	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36011	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36109	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_36244	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35611	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35614	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_246634	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35625	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_301617	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_246630	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_35703	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_362180	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_288242	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404307	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_403943	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404309	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_386475	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404316	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404319	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404321	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_386462	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404330	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404335	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404337	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404342	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404684	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404344	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404348	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_157156	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404353	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404357	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404361	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_157181	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404362	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404364	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404365	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404008	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_386478	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404370	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404373	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_64482	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387884	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_404417	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404418	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404421	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_404421	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_157181	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404427	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404428	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404429	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_386468	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404431	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_157193	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_85569	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404433	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404434	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_386472	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_386471	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_404435	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_43119	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_404448	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_106418	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_147571	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350594	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_404459	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_404461	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_57473	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_181103	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_404463	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_404508	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_404678	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_399544	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_404707	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_125725	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_288242	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_404708	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_386475	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_386461	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_404309	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_157216	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_404712	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_404713	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_386468	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_56176	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_405291	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_405293	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_405295	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_405298	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_356426	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_356425	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_92182	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_381047	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_407384	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_104838	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_407876	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_407883	collected_from	collections_country_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_407885	collected_from	collections_country_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_121412	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_160684	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_408347	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_368045	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_83374	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_409499	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_37430	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_38122	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_37422	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_412748	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_413482	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_413483	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_413484	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_413487	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_413490	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_413491	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_41331	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_86342	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_413873	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_74091	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7553	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26525	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_68771	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_413874	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_413878	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_89405	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_202658	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_360135	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_63470	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_414185	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_14632	collected_from	collections_country_cape verde
occurrences_taxon_no_14655	collected_from	collections_country_cape verde
occurrences_taxon_no_15074	collected_from	collections_country_cape verde
occurrences_taxon_no_386150	collected_from	collections_country_cape verde
occurrences_taxon_no_15878	collected_from	collections_country_cape verde
occurrences_taxon_no_414429	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22194	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_22127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_414550	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_414871	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_1281	collected_from	collections_country_taiwan
occurrences_taxon_no_415420	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_415421	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_16477	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_83932	collected_from	collections_country_taiwan
occurrences_taxon_no_416411	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_38449	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_190756	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_321259	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_37589	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_37611	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_417385	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_53274	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_285336	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285332	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_285338	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_263284	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_418927	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_418928	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_419044	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_419123	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_154676	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34562	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_427523	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_419280	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_419360	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14356	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_165826	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93316	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93311	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93263	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13854	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419412	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93267	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_171038	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_171042	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_190184	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13655	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207787	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93272	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207801	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_171041	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207797	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14420	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_427217	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_186130	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14371	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207888	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14332	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207810	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93278	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_205159	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207895	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207892	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_171034	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207896	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_427240	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_205162	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207811	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_165999	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14383	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_207809	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_169816	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_93289	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419411	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_207884	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_291898	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_207893	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_43468	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_93286	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56735	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_361279	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_142730	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300602	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_428609	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_12489	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_12603	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_419853	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350765	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_270342	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33790	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_350673	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_419906	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_342739	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_393679	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26467	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_26485	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_420011	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_85559	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_340374	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_354734	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_354733	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_340384	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_393173	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420078	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420045	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420106	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420026	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34020	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_393636	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34042	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34081	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33998	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420102	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_394090	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_355559	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420101	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420815	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34048	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33904	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34025	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33895	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420133	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_346732	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420107	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_340382	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34075	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420109	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_277328	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_202655	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_202654	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_172846	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_100439	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420112	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_277332	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38018	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38023	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38081	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_364672	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420115	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420120	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420043	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420123	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420036	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33918	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_33997	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420305	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420033	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34011	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34093	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420030	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_17266	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_428813	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_428802	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_60555	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_382991	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420314	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15751	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420313	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15026	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_34069	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_382965	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_382919	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_17229	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_360154	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420319	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_144315	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_131570	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_9928	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_9472	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_297746	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420318	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_111290	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_60868	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_14608	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_129751	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420320	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15179	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_country_norway
occurrences_taxon_no_388680	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_420431	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_420460	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_338817	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_420501	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420749	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_394212	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_83448	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_368732	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_333168	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39553	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_420792	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_143753	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_83372	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_420795	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_335295	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_83479	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_368470	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_39581	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_98964	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_276239	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_276237	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_420124	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_400386	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_335309	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_372771	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_372773	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_145682	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_156756	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_421136	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_296518	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19872	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_421150	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_421152	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_89019	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17941	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17241	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30441	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16094	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16139	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18013	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16849	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16540	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18222	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17943	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94110	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_65205	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16699	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_66039	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17023	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17206	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17942	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18368	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16485	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16691	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17172	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_14031	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16218	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16638	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17760	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18245	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16495	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_109024	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16803	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16969	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16252	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16775	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16075	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17437	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18747	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17209	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18750	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18400	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15987	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_15996	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16481	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16580	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16590	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16876	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16769	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_18606	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_30497	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16386	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_421474	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_334525	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_163541	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_347198	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_92588	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_106418	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_40751	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_421573	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_243647	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_378231	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33545	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33568	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421716	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421715	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33539	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421712	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421718	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33551	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_421898	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_378275	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_21211	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_20758	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_21687	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_194762	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420069	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422100	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422101	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_420312	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422103	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422111	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33921	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_420063	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33917	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_34087	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33862	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_133095	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321083	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_265045	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_10211	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_138795	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16691	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_28453	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_300657	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16588	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264530	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_170118	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_8799	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_428674	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16031	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_197445	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_255086	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_302498	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264519	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264939	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264425	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16119	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_307067	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_197465	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_174285	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_10276	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_8916	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_133890	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_133896	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_265034	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_30476	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_10352	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_108858	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_265025	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_249661	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_10004	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16677	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_300656	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16876	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_10033	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264553	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_18741	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_307125	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_210147	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_29407	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_197469	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264421	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_300671	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_59206	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_277426	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_265058	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_264945	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_30579	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_265049	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_244109	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_265003	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_133893	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_194469	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_133891	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_321035	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_194509	collected_from	collections_country_kyrgyzstan
occurrences_taxon_no_422873	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4980	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422877	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422882	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422883	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_122302	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422885	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422892	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422896	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4994	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395863	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_422926	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_422923	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422924	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422930	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422927	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_181133	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_33986	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422925	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422921	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_390005	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422928	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_422923	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422924	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_422927	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_181133	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_422925	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39269	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_289541	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_99140	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_321068	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_259444	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_321071	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321074	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321070	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_428610	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264550	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265977	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_321085	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_130475	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_61660	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_245711	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_61725	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_321073	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_321069	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_163965	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17974	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_321080	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_30296	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265615	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_301657	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17864	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18750	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16289	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264534	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16588	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264426	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_272563	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16969	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_209119	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_181125	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_423015	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_83119	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_82276	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_83282	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_67679	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_43629	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_117319	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_117318	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_423026	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_321072	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_256607	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_321081	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_194452	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_321079	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321079	collected_from	collections_country_kazakhstan
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_saudi arabia
occurrences_taxon_no_173368	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_country_austria
occurrences_taxon_no_321084	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_256610	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_388622	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_64290	collected_from	collections_country_thailand
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_57672	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_57672	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_42977	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_423103	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_423130	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_259452	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_423131	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_259451	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_321056	collected_from	collections_country_czech republic
occurrences_taxon_no_90710	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_291595	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_423129	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_350537	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_245576	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_244564	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_99751	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_291601	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_379230	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_120861	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_120924	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_321057	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_321066	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_43437	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43433	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_58160	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_209375	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_215828	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_215833	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_215831	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_190459	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_119107	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_29920	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_321078	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321075	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321076	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_213311	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321060	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_194465	collected_from	collections_country_angola
occurrences_taxon_no_133098	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_194436	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_321062	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_265225	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14247	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_250905	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264247	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14026	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14149	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14422	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14340	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14175	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_350494	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_14119	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_427729	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_351056	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_423357	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_356707	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_251023	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_427904	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_251053	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16597	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_260124	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_188211	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_169585	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_169587	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_294787	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_175471	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_234590	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_260240	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_266241	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_16759	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_174213	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_18793	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_169582	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_390781	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_83168	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_423510	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_423513	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_423511	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_country_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_194446	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_321082	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_194455	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_194457	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_65066	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_194455	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_194461	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_370870	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_423742	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_221556	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_194443	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_194446	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_country_switzerland
occurrences_taxon_no_42965	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_424036	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_137509	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_137509	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_321063	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_276631	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_204786	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_204787	collected_from	collections_country_svalbard and jan mayen
occurrences_taxon_no_277761	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_216681	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_34907	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_202179	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_249590	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_161891	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_264554	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_160357	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264526	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264421	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_209115	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_30579	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_163895	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_170043	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_170001	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_209108	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_197465	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_9129	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_160501	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17492	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16094	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16926	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_84163	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_30545	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16677	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18199	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16246	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_170110	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_255780	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_59166	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_265039	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_424098	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_267867	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_424102	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_92188	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_423717	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_428671	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_84358	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18158	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16031	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16839	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_9471	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_160348	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17337	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17904	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_62573	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18747	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_10004	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_160557	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18713	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_424138	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38421	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67896	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_249670	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38555	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_114403	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39947	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45124	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67746	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67745	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_154139	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67338	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35391	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37911	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38016	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34632	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37383	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_341222	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_117671	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_16974	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_18121	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_428673	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_166410	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264947	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_254403	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16363	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_264403	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_83697	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_17043	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_60971	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_300722	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_51265	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_261435	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_424168	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_159138	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_273786	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_367936	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_340017	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_425152	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_233610	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_423003	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_424231	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_345377	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_310551	collected_from	collections_country_north korea
occurrences_taxon_no_301183	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34063	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_351265	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_33910	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_303142	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_91660	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42516	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_46965	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_424317	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_424323	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424329	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_49733	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_51615	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_424422	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424425	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424430	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424424	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424404	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424427	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424431	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424421	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424402	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424426	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424429	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_253375	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_235642	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_232926	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_424484	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_424483	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_424485	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_46312	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43535	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43540	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42682	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43642	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_50045	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_43137	collected_from	collections_country_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42635	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_51294	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43991	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43084	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42988	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43009	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424503	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41567	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41549	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43187	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_41520	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_49958	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52180	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_42488	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_45433	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_136636	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_43932	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_46896	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424522	collected_from	collections_country_romania
occurrences_taxon_no_156757	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_51618	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_117319	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_43634	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_83807	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_259778	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_42423	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_43001	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_37467	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424979	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424980	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424978	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3385	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424976	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424977	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424905	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424911	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_133113	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5990	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424896	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424897	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424894	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_318709	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_110926	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424900	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_3552	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4849	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424901	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424902	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424907	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424914	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424933	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4674	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5041	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424895	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424913	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_332212	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_25147	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424892	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_424893	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_25149	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_84241	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68849	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_83610	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_424654	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_424505	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424509	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424512	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424506	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424507	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_180507	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_424826	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_424829	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_424830	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_424830	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_358446	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_424831	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_424837	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_424847	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_424849	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_424983	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_424989	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424993	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_424995	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425123	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425219	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_367093	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_53962	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_319107	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_425409	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34526	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34673	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_186565	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_425345	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_425411	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_151701	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34607	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_80609	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_425354	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425419	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_131783	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_154495	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425426	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425435	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425438	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425439	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34671	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425858	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_52898	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34637	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_280665	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34526	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425831	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425864	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419281	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_111367	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425401	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34659	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_156230	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419300	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34554	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425825	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_151877	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_154467	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_124930	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_156220	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425342	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425346	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425360	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425331	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425441	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_58872	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34626	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_34704	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_63021	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_117660	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35169	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35244	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_117694	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_117691	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_35590	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_36454	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425446	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_425447	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_429180	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_425449	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425333	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_390542	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_425455	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_89404	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_378428	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151355	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_uruguay
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_425751	collected_from	collections_country_libya
occurrences_taxon_no_425817	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_63020	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425860	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34714	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_131684	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34693	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_131691	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425865	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_96192	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425867	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425870	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_156218	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_156221	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151877	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425825	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425832	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425833	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_419301	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425844	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425846	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425851	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151724	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_253330	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_186563	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425819	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425332	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425324	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425834	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_427811	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419292	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_419302	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_154458	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425829	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425396	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34593	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34577	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34573	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425842	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34661	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_34663	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425855	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425820	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425837	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425843	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425820	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_305759	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425343	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425854	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425908	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_154432	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_24036	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_98345	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_92638	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_425910	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_425912	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_183110	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_425915	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_34608	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_425920	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_425829	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_425913	collected_from	collections_country_venezuela
occurrences_taxon_no_425923	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_259035	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34484	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425926	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425927	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425930	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425931	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425933	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425935	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425937	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425938	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425939	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425941	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425942	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34568	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425943	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34578	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425944	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425948	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425950	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425952	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425954	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425956	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425958	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_151886	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34713	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_245132	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_149810	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_425993	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_34544	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_427805	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_111391	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_111390	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_121374	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_264603	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_37685	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_96192	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_264466	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_124943	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_153960	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_154484	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_111367	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_389348	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_41203	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41288	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42505	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42167	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_43225	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_25065	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_356562	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_96165	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_6915	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6181	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_6116	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54183	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54444	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54446	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54447	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54441	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2334	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2709	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_103768	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82203	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_875	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2107	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1925	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_838	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_103799	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2144	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54414	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_279366	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1059	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_426666	collected_from	collections_country_madagascar
occurrences_taxon_no_56962	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_426708	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_154458	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_426711	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_419295	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_419292	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_426649	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_426707	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_151687	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_425867	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34608	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_425411	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_425362	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_426712	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_154460	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_151818	collected_from	collections_country_ukraine
occurrences_taxon_no_54334	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_410966	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1404	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1623	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1986	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2429	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82202	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82198	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82194	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_926	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_54808	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1083	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1281	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_2584	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_82208	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_426732	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_4524	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1577	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_905	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_426779	collected_from	collections_country_peru
occurrences_taxon_no_426820	collected_from	collections_country_namibia
occurrences_taxon_no_426822	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_400815	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_286216	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_328988	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_325730	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_400813	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_309532	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_324821	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276630	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_322652	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276575	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_251828	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_264478	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_327263	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_325682	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276560	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_265675	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_309335	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_322159	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_277913	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252542	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_325746	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_331916	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_340585	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_321451	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276569	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_322389	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_322390	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_330011	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_36569	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_171566	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_38178	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_country_poland
occurrences_taxon_no_128897	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_15560	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_378316	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_68971	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_364116	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_132389	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_country_chile
occurrences_taxon_no_84607	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_84607	collected_from	collections_country_bolivia
occurrences_taxon_no_395893	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_395891	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_9388	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_398539	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_425309	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_33951	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_398536	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_427583	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_14101	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_13964	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_181588	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_36402	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_1657	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1537	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2675	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_813	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1586	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2721	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2661	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_427599	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_969	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_427600	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1043	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_427596	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1649	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1798	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2277	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_378812	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_2224	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_1044	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_417209	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54441	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54453	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1281	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1868	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2709	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54450	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1787	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2110	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_98749	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2334	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_766	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54444	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54183	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1629	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54436	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_54325	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2429	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2366	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_2661	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_803	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_256604	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_1731	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_63585	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_42941	collected_from	collections_country_colombia
occurrences_taxon_no_83734	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_41828	collected_from	collections_country_antigua and barbuda
occurrences_taxon_no_335143	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_94206	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_131789	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_394049	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_131750	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_131801	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_country_antigua and barbuda
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands antilles
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_country_martinique
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_country_barbados
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_country_saint lucia
occurrences_taxon_no_380033	collected_from	collections_country_ecuador
occurrences_taxon_no_427822	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_335286	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94242	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_41911	collected_from	collections_country_cyprus
occurrences_taxon_no_393766	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_131717	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_159122	collected_from	collections_country_saint vincent and the grenadines
occurrences_taxon_no_41828	collected_from	collections_country_jamaica
occurrences_taxon_no_231418	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_50261	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_185299	collected_from	collections_country_philippines
occurrences_taxon_no_41923	collected_from	collections_country_indonesia
occurrences_taxon_no_41923	collected_from	collections_country_philippines
occurrences_taxon_no_427719	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_427824	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_115722	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_292135	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_264466	collected_from	collections_country_belgium
occurrences_taxon_no_2429	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_54334	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_6651	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_417209	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_1868	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_2366	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_54444	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_104327	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_383168	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_54183	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_766	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_54326	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_803	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_2000	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_427738	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_381114	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_33945	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_34030	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_273842	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_384255	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_427778	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_422107	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_384272	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_427782	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_384258	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_384273	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_34007	collected_from	collections_country_iran
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1872	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_81703	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_1935	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_255457	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_128897	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_371115	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_94214	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_427873	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_427874	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_378123	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_427888	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_427891	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_420688	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_427931	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428095	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_428100	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_428102	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_428103	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_428104	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_428115	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_428117	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_261566	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_428147	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_428183	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428223	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_172934	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_4950	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_25146	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56965	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_54811	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_288974	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_267155	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_157615	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_41023	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_94469	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_157312	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_156990	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_157313	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_41145	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_41108	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_94469	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_157313	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_41003	collected_from	collections_country_cyprus
occurrences_taxon_no_157314	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_157308	collected_from	collections_country_malta
occurrences_taxon_no_157310	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_159265	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_428305	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428302	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_127291	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_177189	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428308	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428310	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_29667	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366127	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_268204	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428359	collected_from	collections_country_zambia
occurrences_taxon_no_428441	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428440	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_153545	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428427	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_92231	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428429	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428433	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_43626	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387877	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_376542	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428437	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428439	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_362503	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39295	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143796	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143736	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372510	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_369702	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143731	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143734	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143738	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_369698	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143739	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39304	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_369211	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143744	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372495	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143748	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143755	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372473	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143774	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143819	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_367748	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_371330	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143780	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143782	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_367974	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143788	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372508	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143784	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372539	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39624	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143790	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143795	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143798	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_94497	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143816	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39296	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372541	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_367747	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428675	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428676	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428677	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_425833	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_425411	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_399824	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143851	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143787	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143813	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143815	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39298	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39301	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39297	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372523	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143842	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368029	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372534	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428455	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368936	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428461	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143830	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_374028	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428458	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143809	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39357	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368991	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368937	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_373332	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368612	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_365956	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_104205	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143834	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372515	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368320	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372532	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143838	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_37946	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368987	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368984	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428450	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428451	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143801	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368324	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428453	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428454	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39631	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_217961	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_334630	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_372542	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_231469	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_382884	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_242700	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_37945	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_247679	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_432819	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_40051	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43550	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43560	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_387880	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_146416	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_147575	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_43453	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_153986	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_399315	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_404295	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_264064	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_337110	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_404288	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_243619	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_318335	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_71875	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428768	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428769	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428770	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_72019	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_365950	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_39294	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143729	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_367714	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_365958	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_232003	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_231747	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_104181	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_104261	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_183083	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_368988	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_428431	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_143746	collected_from	collections_country_new zealand
occurrences_taxon_no_382901	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428895	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39999	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428898	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382808	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_382873	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_428988	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_371319	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39521	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_402392	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_39353	collected_from	collections_country_east timor
occurrences_taxon_no_429012	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_429046	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_180941	collected_from	collections_country_netherlands
occurrences_taxon_no_429308	collected_from	collections_country_south korea
occurrences_taxon_no_429315	collected_from	collections_country_mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_429326	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_429328	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_429710	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_429713	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_429746	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_430153	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292058	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_149477	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_430155	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_430156	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292060	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_430158	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292073	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292069	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_374122	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292064	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_289315	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292067	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_430150	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292045	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_177433	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_81591	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6509	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149025	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_430076	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_386340	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_178894	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_178878	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_178882	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_83599	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_185622	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149057	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6857	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_55537	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149042	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_83593	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149031	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_83600	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_83596	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149152	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_430079	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_149049	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_141761	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_430080	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_83592	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_6747	collected_from	collections_country_malaysia
occurrences_taxon_no_430151	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_149479	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292075	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_33989	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_292071	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_374124	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_430161	collected_from	collections_country_oman
occurrences_taxon_no_312915	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_149479	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_430161	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_430159	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_312913	collected_from	collections_country_croatia
occurrences_taxon_no_47880	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_178424	collected_from	collections_country_brazil
occurrences_taxon_no_39585	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_263018	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264328	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264357	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_21804	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_430361	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_263019	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264361	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264337	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264351	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264359	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33653	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33710	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_33615	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_430475	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_430476	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_430478	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_21119	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_430529	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_430531	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_430532	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_33760	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_430527	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_430536	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_430537	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_430527	collected_from	collections_country_tajikistan
occurrences_taxon_no_299629	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21081	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_430539	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21213	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_19814	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21506	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_174864	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21822	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21198	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_21737	collected_from	collections_country_uzbekistan
occurrences_taxon_no_429836	collected_from	collections_country_france
occurrences_taxon_no_429874	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_429891	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_430717	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_32398	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_219926	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_220103	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32399	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_32173	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_220111	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_409625	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38802	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39213	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_57251	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38522	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_142397	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39212	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67321	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_39215	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_67088	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_55540	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_91969	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_430846	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_86697	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_430847	collected_from	collections_country_argentina
occurrences_taxon_no_424320	collected_from	collections_country_portugal
occurrences_taxon_no_40068	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_429770	collected_from	collections_country_canada
occurrences_taxon_no_361366	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_33337	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_431510	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_426263	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_33391	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_148887	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_33280	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_431509	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_32871	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_31565	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_426253	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_32598	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_33281	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_168507	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_426266	collected_from	collections_country_antarctica
occurrences_taxon_no_358692	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_336370	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_368603	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_368619	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_369191	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83434	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_133772	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_393779	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_393777	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_370646	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_431583	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83459	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_368596	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83462	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_39624	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_368188	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_83483	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_365958	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_365956	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_369040	collected_from	collections_country_united kingdom
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_365986	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_335307	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_208987	collected_from	collections_country_italy
occurrences_taxon_no_38567	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_431705	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_431707	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_14330	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_172642	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14364	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14344	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_278254	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_14080	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_431971	collected_from	collections_country_myanmar
occurrences_taxon_no_432110	collected_from	collections_country_morocco
occurrences_taxon_no_432285	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_432180	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_64116	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_432264	collected_from	collections_country_australia
occurrences_taxon_no_14893	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_432552	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_432554	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_333504	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_15500	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_145863	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_333552	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_129312	collected_from	collections_country_algeria
occurrences_taxon_no_417186	collected_from	collections_country_spain
occurrences_taxon_no_63759	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_432683	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_432843	collected_from	collections_country_russian federation
occurrences_taxon_no_243936	collected_from	collections_country_germany
occurrences_taxon_no_297958	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_26443	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_124222	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_26495	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_358526	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_358528	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_30443	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_30584	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_30507	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_30508	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_28747	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_279540	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_28476	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_30050	collected_from	collections_country_sweden
occurrences_taxon_no_246036	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_777	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2063	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_158258	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2734	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1206	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_133573	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238910	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2424	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_104658	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1775	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1385	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183838	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2023	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_203335	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_415250	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_239028	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1127	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1255	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_183842	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2034	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238909	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1043	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2088	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1185	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1047	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1511	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_239835	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2182	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238917	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2317	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2071	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238355	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_241903	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1313	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_238276	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1649	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1354	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1826	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1651	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1161	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1348	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1349	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_886	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_149091	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2123	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1315	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_2122	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_167220	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_342920	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_397008	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_923	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_410000	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1989	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56430	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_268237	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_81989	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56429	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56428	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_37162	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_172482	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_330494	collected_from	collections_country_india
occurrences_taxon_no_433425	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_82214	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_245111	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_246374	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_37011	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_122334	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38911	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_38909	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_361926	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_52759	collected_from	collections_country_japan
occurrences_taxon_no_93510	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_54813	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_56402	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_199501	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_1385	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_896	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2238	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1011	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1127	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1381	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239575	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_70139	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_188121	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_56430	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_396999	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_56429	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_135622	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_113021	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_135623	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1348	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2182	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_183845	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_113014	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_782	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2023	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2605	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1692	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2485	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1927	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_37037	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_150330	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_65892	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_383434	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_243711	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_56428	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1350	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1255	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1511	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1044	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_192501	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2256	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_108246	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_757	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2236	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_236056	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_7489	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_158255	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1082	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2688	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2226	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239747	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_7155	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_106984	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_417536	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_113022	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1584	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1897	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_7229	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_408410	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2734	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_831	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2640	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2348	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_56402	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_242278	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239746	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_192487	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_267127	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_192443	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_242281	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1977	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_241064	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239594	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_54351	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_112851	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_112868	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_239760	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_242285	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2347	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_416225	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1538	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_1379	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_4950	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_192490	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_411350	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2294	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_2786	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_236062	collected_from	collections_country_turkey
occurrences_taxon_no_171326	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208007	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13227	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208014	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13270	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208015	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13294	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_218640	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208020	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13285	collected_from	collections_country_china
occurrences_taxon_no_268233	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_420453	collected_from	collections_country_united states
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_1303	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_158256	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_158257	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_396996	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_country_greece
occurrences_taxon_no_20578	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19149	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20292	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19506	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20769	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26434	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26582	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7746	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7864	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26436	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26577	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26583	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20273	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20399	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19628	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19639	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19659	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19692	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20986	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19716	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_13357	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12722	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_13391	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_179575	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_28192	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_68735	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_68575	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_68736	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_68739	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_68737	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_13350	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12337	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_367222	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_16230	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_22944	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_177414	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_29977	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_25487	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_8945	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_5083	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_19516	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_8364	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12657	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12542	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_28179	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26742	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26929	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_28863	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27037	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_8511	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_25232	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12734	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_351124	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_4883	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_328898	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_25267	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_20415	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12429	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152785	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12341	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_146247	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12352	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12367	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152790	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12377	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12384	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12387	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_12403	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_20811	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_20173	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26781	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_72491	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_72328	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_58558	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_75984	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_9247	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_76355	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_76737	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_28307	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_27373	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_26816	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_9000	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_214874	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_31616	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_31790	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_167464	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_28265	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_28189	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_22944	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_32327	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_307294	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_352630	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_27767	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_4792	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_308273	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26983	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_123859	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_29914	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_302903	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26816	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_285299	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_300707	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_308363	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_300712	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_331253	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_29885	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_27373	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26852	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_32558	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_33534	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_354571	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_27361	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_58724	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26804	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_state_iowa
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_3338	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26742	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_27699	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_25535	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_25545	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_22934	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_21743	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_21491	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_10532	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_8943	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_28863	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26796	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_29977	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_8361	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_8926	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_5466	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_28742	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_28584	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_25121	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_25327	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_16029	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_25340	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_86714	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_33490	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_33265	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15729	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15281	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_132032	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15659	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15597	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_129697	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_129964	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_132900	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_132927	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_298610	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15241	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14793	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_144858	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_132964	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_386131	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_385445	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_313339	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15074	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_297749	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32945	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32903	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32895	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32926	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_285139	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_16447	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_382649	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15558	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32929	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15354	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15741	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_83909	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_130415	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15878	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15452	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14683	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_130796	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14599	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15763	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_331717	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14713	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_33380	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_33088	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_32964	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_144222	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14825	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_94505	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_323248	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15773	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_319205	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_331718	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15264	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15265	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_319216	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15022	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14511	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_313454	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14514	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15304	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_14620	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_319203	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15486	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_15825	collected_from	collections_state_western high atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_253871	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15382	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15313	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15846	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_304721	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16499	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_14631	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_379062	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15868	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_17005	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_84364	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15892	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15800	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_14595	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_14476	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15565	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16246	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_17240	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_14632	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_83907	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_83875	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_162619	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15281	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16477	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16894	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_16496	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_416579	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15596	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_14874	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_17354	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_18727	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15907	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_15889	collected_from	collections_state_alexander island
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16765	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_17092	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16370	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_359191	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16975	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_367516	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_367322	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_27561	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_184927	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_28790	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_27042	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_27087	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_21478	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_16085	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_123858	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_7746	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_17148	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_28926	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_29830	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_21523	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_351228	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_86575	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_18745	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_310024	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_370763	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_29602	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_193372	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_27828	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_15804	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_15557	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16476	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_9785	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_10261	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_10707	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_12094	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15509	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15403	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_18757	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_9835	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16275	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15669	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_113741	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15057	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15230	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_10835	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_14635	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_7181	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_351463	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_29340	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_16133	collected_from	collections_state_nova scotia
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_15804	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16975	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16401	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_18121	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_59188	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_17802	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_9785	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_18757	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_17060	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16496	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16765	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16275	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15509	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_10261	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_9472	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_9835	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15403	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_113741	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15500	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15057	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15230	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15669	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_16476	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_15235	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_351778	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_351828	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_351829	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_351830	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_367279	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_277358	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_46586	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40995	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45799	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_40917	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_44650	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_51080	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_41399	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43011	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42184	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41613	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42485	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43107	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41039	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40467	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41772	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41217	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40917	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42591	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42592	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43155	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42496	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_47340	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42377	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42607	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42178	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42502	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41632	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_50131	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42547	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41450	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_51506	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42379	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43225	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42366	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41279	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_46602	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_46833	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_47608	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40435	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40968	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_50095	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41260	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40436	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_46799	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_44990	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_45524	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_50938	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41535	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43892	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_41379	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42378	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_45526	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_39982	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_42436	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_40388	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_51509	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_50882	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_49155	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_43134	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_48817	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_43198	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_50489	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_50516	collected_from	collections_state_florida
occurrences_taxon_no_47223	collected_from	collections_state_florida
occurrences_taxon_no_44372	collected_from	collections_state_florida
occurrences_taxon_no_50563	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50216	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_43906	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45241	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_40486	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45278	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_52617	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_51516	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41671	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50540	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_46204	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_46984	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_47573	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_44431	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50564	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_51423	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42734	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41676	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41127	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_49471	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45783	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41835	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90655	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42728	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41870	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_40471	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_40367	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41663	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45401	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45251	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45245	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_46210	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_46759	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_43216	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_47999	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_52622	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_416585	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_52476	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_47374	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_45385	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42158	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41543	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_40378	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41486	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41651	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50203	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41688	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_52388	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41248	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_46992	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_339628	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_42724	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_44537	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_40486	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_46941	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_46628	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_45836	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_50715	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_51942	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_49856	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_49291	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_47916	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_44725	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_52093	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_44856	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_44593	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_51766	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_47864	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_49239	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_46308	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_50406	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_46648	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_50493	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_46852	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_218194	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_63195	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_80574	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_12783	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_72495	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152805	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152817	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_374220	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_279729	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_279728	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_403940	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_135895	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_381680	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_278113	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_56101	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_407959	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_411636	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_56117	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_279036	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_411370	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_157259	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_278172	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_408279	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_389057	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_277344	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_54794	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_55068	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_53807	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_54615	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_55344	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_62726	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_62302	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_68006	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_83645	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_114480	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_197681	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_99762	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_63035	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_53976	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_39208	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_37646	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_120621	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38495	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38712	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_68081	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_55486	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_53286	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_39745	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_39779	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_197011	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_37917	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_53221	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_53998	collected_from	collections_state_louisiana
occurrences_taxon_no_287384	collected_from	collections_state_s-molise/n-campania
occurrences_taxon_no_287382	collected_from	collections_state_s-molise/n-campania
occurrences_taxon_no_169734	collected_from	collections_state_s-molise/n-campania
occurrences_taxon_no_287383	collected_from	collections_state_apulien
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_37757	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_66357	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_38673	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_68189	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_38713	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_57337	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_299444	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_299550	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_299552	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_186016	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_299555	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_299553	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_299559	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_382868	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_299460	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_369026	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428967	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_382851	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_268210	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11849	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_268244	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_422559	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_141824	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_18359	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_368941	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_366338	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_382794	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_363112	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_85307	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_341277	collected_from	collections_state_sachsen-anhalt
occurrences_taxon_no_63022	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38458	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_68027	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_269667	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183246	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_15533	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_161842	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_27053	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_327907	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_103427	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_299166	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25340	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_8926	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25545	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_308258	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_56479	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_77635	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_21146	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_21587	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_308594	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_54321	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_28742	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_103448	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_103436	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25121	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_307160	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_19772	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26566	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_33667	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_376516	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25487	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_19777	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_16032	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_4568	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26587	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_17170	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31882	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31341	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_102917	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16021	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_187502	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_68738	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_131082	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_100127	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_152820	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152819	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_43340	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_66514	collected_from	collections_state_tafilalt
occurrences_taxon_no_143311	collected_from	collections_state_nagano
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_kumamoto
occurrences_taxon_no_38713	collected_from	collections_state_mie
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_fukushima
occurrences_taxon_no_367890	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_85333	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_85385	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_85384	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_64596	collected_from	collections_state_antwerpen
occurrences_taxon_no_183990	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_372623	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_41066	collected_from	collections_state_siberia
occurrences_taxon_no_40243	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44738	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42313	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46961	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47192	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_50796	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46182	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46883	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47316	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47328	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47471	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_49425	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43687	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44896	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40754	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_48552	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_49890	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40547	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_7805	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_86537	collected_from	collections_state_western
occurrences_taxon_no_272629	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_53940	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_42934	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_39710	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_109454	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_88804	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_68031	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_38816	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_122340	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20116	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20955	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_27068	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_308028	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_124341	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_124283	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_27229	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_26730	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_21246	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_364915	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20071	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20550	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_19921	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20200	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_311418	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_56891	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_19880	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_111385	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_111387	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_111370	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_111372	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_67346	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_143676	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343233	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_113459	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343232	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343241	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_40902	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_57530	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_143122	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_113510	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_143119	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_143120	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_40700	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_42197	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_43230	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_175198	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_43307	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_43292	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_175199	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_131419	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_131416	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_35920	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_266401	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_175197	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343234	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_344813	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_43299	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_119889	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_113458	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_115207	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_47879	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_115828	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42671	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_56155	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_376880	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_129879	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_335201	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_224061	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_376902	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42790	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_46285	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_376900	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_374545	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42835	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_232131	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42406	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_433189	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42759	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_119301	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_28897	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_28971	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27214	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26974	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29134	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27173	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27302	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27822	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27925	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_28003	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27922	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27173	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_28003	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27294	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27522	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27302	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27550	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27294	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27522	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_28148	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_27674	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_27853	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_104041	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_120626	collected_from	collections_state_jalal-abad
occurrences_taxon_no_36320	collected_from	collections_state_jalal-abad
occurrences_taxon_no_38653	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_53942	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_122589	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_4421	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_4455	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_122788	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_167319	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_167373	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_167358	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_120613	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_7315	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_294083	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_26478	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_7874	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5775	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_3346	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5915	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5388	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_3436	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5611	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5990	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_5978	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_3341	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_130180	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_130182	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_132618	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_132127	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_132617	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_132620	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_53033	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_98805	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22304	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_33337	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15917	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_31341	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_56637	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_63035	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_80574	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_133917	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_133916	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_53033	collected_from	collections_state_kalasin
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_kalasin
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_kalasin
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_93565	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18437	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_54125	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_17777	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16260	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_9583	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_89052	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_60498	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_59868	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10894	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_99702	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_422582	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_109958	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11300	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_59110	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_138553	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_35128	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_92051	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_63051	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_63049	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_67757	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_67754	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37627	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38783	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_58874	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54556	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54487	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_58875	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38742	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54550	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_95312	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10849	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17578	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_156258	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18491	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_109453	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_116593	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_157408	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_109921	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17822	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_139948	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_414128	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_16243	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_9216	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11539	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_102788	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17958	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_102736	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_61958	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_143871	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_93566	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_157530	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_61867	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11624	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_121166	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10470	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_66094	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_64083	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_91972	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_147170	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_6195	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11997	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_121157	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10401	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10260	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11473	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_10670	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_143737	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_11656	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_212191	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_17448	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_142945	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_6448	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_61454	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10479	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_9467	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_154760	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_12073	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_212193	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11997	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10889	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_115960	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_18217	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11786	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_141420	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_212190	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_94042	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_93562	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_93564	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_98565	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_136955	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10403	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10685	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_60650	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_58568	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_64227	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10470	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_94039	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_187751	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_11385	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_14668	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_97608	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_97081	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_142682	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_142675	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_142689	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_142676	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_110694	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_142672	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_12506	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_12351	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_12557	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_143936	collected_from	collections_state_canton grisons
occurrences_taxon_no_300473	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_173279	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_146357	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_146362	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_38786	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_147060	collected_from	collections_state_harju
occurrences_taxon_no_147062	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147066	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147072	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147074	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_13071	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147091	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147092	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147118	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_state_harju
occurrences_taxon_no_147126	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_64792	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_36320	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_147146	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147147	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147148	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_state_harju
occurrences_taxon_no_148483	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38572	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_63044	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_92051	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_58874	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38783	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_39825	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_40007	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38567	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_148137	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148102	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148101	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4567	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151850	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152413	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152442	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151856	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4721	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4723	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4513	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148131	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4679	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148103	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148474	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_148473	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_148486	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_147756	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_148538	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_65943	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_148540	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_148717	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_148945	collected_from	collections_state_sã£o paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_385361	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_224786	collected_from	collections_state_pinar del rio
occurrences_taxon_no_4092	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_2905	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_2936	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_70146	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_4684	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_150295	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_7273	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_18886	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_90415	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_19208	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_19586	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_19551	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_20338	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_20339	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_20351	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_150299	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_150297	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_150294	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_65451	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_26508	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_26451	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_26877	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_7314	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_7319	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_7507	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_151087	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_7856	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_26434	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_26577	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_26542	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_19500	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_20471	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_20483	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_19595	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_94361	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_19639	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_19287	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_396494	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_19293	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_31066	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_365488	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_371125	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_396879	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_134220	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_20968	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_151507	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_23105	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_94947	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_27817	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_84241	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais
occurrences_taxon_no_145069	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7273	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_90405	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_151839	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_7282	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_151835	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_151834	collected_from	collections_state_yakutia
occurrences_taxon_no_383518	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_58924	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_88102	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_148137	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_67334	collected_from	collections_state_kalasin
occurrences_taxon_no_56418	collected_from	collections_state_kalasin
occurrences_taxon_no_156432	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_156434	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_156436	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_68503	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_156511	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_156689	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_156685	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_156989	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56758	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_138763	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_158340	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_62381	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_54359	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40869	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_232541	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_386552	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_238676	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40891	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40375	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_158793	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_115140	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40488	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_231739	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40642	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40649	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_94475	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40646	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_109084	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40678	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_376820	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_158789	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_376829	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_158788	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_40683	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_42159	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_231988	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41524	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_92529	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41513	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_92494	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_92495	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41911	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_158796	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_42010	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_233582	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_158795	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41939	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_43271	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41204	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_44887	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_45364	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104030	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104036	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104016	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41139	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_157496	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_240142	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_157463	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104163	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_232934	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_41055	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_224099	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_90651	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_54871	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_192846	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104172	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_42416	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_104244	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149398	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149402	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149404	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_54358	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_42676	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149666	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149670	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149668	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149716	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_42790	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_369217	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_83418	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_369213	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_39340	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_39581	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_69043	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_138764	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_120628	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_137367	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_161839	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_65589	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_68867	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_65731	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_68866	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_161841	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_161843	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_65732	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_68864	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_161840	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_68870	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_64950	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_163562	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_112568	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_164270	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_164274	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_164276	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_56804	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_164327	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_164325	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_164714	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56597	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_166960	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_162292	collected_from	collections_state_toliara
occurrences_taxon_no_90418	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_167249	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_167249	collected_from	collections_state_ãland
occurrences_taxon_no_206821	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167428	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167430	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167429	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167431	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_4099	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167443	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167447	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167454	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167582	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_167584	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_57105	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_167608	collected_from	collections_state_peary land
occurrences_taxon_no_167609	collected_from	collections_state_peary land
occurrences_taxon_no_4131	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_199245	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_199247	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_55547	collected_from	collections_state_andhra pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_38572	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_138762	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_68238	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_119246	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_67260	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_203217	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_34800	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34579	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34601	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425363	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425354	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425416	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425359	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425417	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_105797	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34626	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_154495	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_151915	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_425420	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_153965	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_34709	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35173	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35170	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35354	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_63038	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35564	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_121381	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_106738	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_53187	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_38495	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_186983	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_186982	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_38048	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_36416	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_129296	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_69406	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_70527	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_176587	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_155665	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_63174	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_172848	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_382514	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_97078	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_36543	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_52775	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38653	collected_from	collections_state_lazio
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_state_lazio
occurrences_taxon_no_219050	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_174575	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_174577	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_174578	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_67339	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_174686	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_174767	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_152788	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152791	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152792	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152793	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152796	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152797	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_152798	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_204781	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_176049	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_176577	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_64068	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_66740	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_38437	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_55491	collected_from	collections_state_pleven
occurrences_taxon_no_178171	collected_from	collections_state_hokkaido
occurrences_taxon_no_122672	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_43952	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_64113	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_bornholm
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_state_bornholm
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_231930	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_63151	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_323991	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_276900	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_407528	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_336740	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_264637	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_323245	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_264647	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_264651	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_329435	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_412407	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_412408	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_303675	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_276935	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_326019	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_340087	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_323971	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_182719	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_148871	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_186983	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_187236	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_19861	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_20653	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_191379	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_67202	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_191629	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_192083	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_192095	collected_from	collections_state_sã£o paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_193446	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_193964	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz de la sierra
occurrences_taxon_no_202533	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_194570	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_191240	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_114386	collected_from	collections_state_sã£o paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_64748	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_415610	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_66740	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_la rioja
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_219186	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_196987	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_260663	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258128	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258113	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258219	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_173635	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258176	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_260660	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_260662	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_260661	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_210181	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_208299	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_260664	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_267306	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_263195	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_219188	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_106769	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_119241	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_96561	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_58207	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_168580	collected_from	collections_state_salaj
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_salaj
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_salaj
occurrences_taxon_no_66744	collected_from	collections_state_salaj
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_cluj
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_144577	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_69158	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_54553	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_38565	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_260668	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_219191	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258218	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_258126	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_263193	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_288230	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_35583	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_35437	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_170406	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_35564	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_35343	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_35771	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_178839	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_56326	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_424183	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_56138	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_state_gorizia
occurrences_taxon_no_199123	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38448	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_261604	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_199148	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_udon thani
occurrences_taxon_no_18543	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_18564	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_18528	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_18544	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_304077	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_84236	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_18536	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_173381	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_18681	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_63399	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_202051	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_202052	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_202075	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_202053	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_201111	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_265893	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_351852	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_351859	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_36959	collected_from	collections_state_gunma
occurrences_taxon_no_253214	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_202439	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_198765	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_92741	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_198766	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_37881	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_57280	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_38024	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_63273	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_202901	collected_from	collections_state_savannakhet
occurrences_taxon_no_37667	collected_from	collections_state_savannakhet
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_savannakhet
occurrences_taxon_no_235641	collected_from	collections_state_savannakhet
occurrences_taxon_no_100094	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_186047	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_83033	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_63040	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_82350	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38664	collected_from	collections_state_fukushima
occurrences_taxon_no_204031	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_412626	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_416026	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_410461	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_408278	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_379231	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_340630	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_336590	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_263964	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_336589	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_277163	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_277166	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_277147	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_157151	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_405334	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_163785	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163750	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163752	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220232	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163758	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_233726	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222192	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163467	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163470	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163471	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222193	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222194	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_593	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_179869	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163794	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222528	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165892	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222533	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165853	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_542	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222534	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165856	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222536	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222535	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_71406	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229455	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163646	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163760	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163076	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_227764	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163626	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163756	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229690	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_233720	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_452	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163628	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163629	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163633	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229303	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165860	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163726	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163734	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229450	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163751	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_233724	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_581	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163055	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163099	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165848	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165851	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220227	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220229	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_228820	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163096	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_166042	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220233	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229453	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229152	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_86	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_71401	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_227763	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_166161	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220234	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_205065	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_159739	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_221425	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_159763	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220019	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_255	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222543	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165849	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_221194	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229457	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163106	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_400	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163269	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_221741	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_221458	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163059	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163641	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163630	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_453	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222540	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_227746	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229692	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165862	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_205009	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_204953	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165866	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_166051	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222526	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222544	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_220228	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222525	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_159582	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222532	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229139	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_617	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229458	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_374	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_163140	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_66420	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_204961	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_165867	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_112016	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_351855	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_351859	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_351852	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_351854	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_351857	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_351855	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_205435	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_205435	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_205715	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_205712	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_206275	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_207729	collected_from	collections_state_thuringia
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_state_cundinamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_264972	collected_from	collections_state_cundinamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_327518	collected_from	collections_state_cundinamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_327200	collected_from	collections_state_cundinamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_251546	collected_from	collections_state_cundinamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_208965	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276600	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_181123	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_39323	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_208974	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_122355	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_292120	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43493	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_208970	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_325987	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_209057	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_219181	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_83049	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_188890	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_209050	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_42076	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_212137	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_137970	collected_from	collections_state_navoi
occurrences_taxon_no_213419	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_80820	collected_from	collections_state_al jizah
occurrences_taxon_no_213828	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213833	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213835	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213841	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_193106	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213842	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213845	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213224	collected_from	collections_state_navoi
occurrences_taxon_no_138440	collected_from	collections_state_aragã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_215710	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215712	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215714	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_175988	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215717	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215719	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215721	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215724	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213464	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215794	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215795	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215796	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_215999	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_216219	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_98805	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_216662	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_216664	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_216701	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_43582	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_216792	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_217071	collected_from	collections_state_puebla
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83733	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_51618	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_41209	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83801	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_264368	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_320241	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_320260	collected_from	collections_state_tolima
occurrences_taxon_no_288408	collected_from	collections_state_maryland
occurrences_taxon_no_219185	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_315949	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_222577	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_222578	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_222580	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_222582	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_222588	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_178426	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_83339	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_227372	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_227431	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_228692	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_229117	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_51155	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_65578	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_92501	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_229119	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38547	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_230278	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_morondava
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_morondava
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_53224	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_317967	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_233485	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_233785	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_89456	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_234783	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_234899	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_36505	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_63644	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_235668	collected_from	collections_state_daegu
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_238148	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_37638	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_131442	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_240062	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_51609	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_51463	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43053	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43109	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43141	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_49314	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43015	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42250	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_52251	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40944	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_240578	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_170558	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_37400	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_242722	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_243279	collected_from	collections_state_michoacã¡n
occurrences_taxon_no_94805	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_238435	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_180095	collected_from	collections_state_bayern
occurrences_taxon_no_245206	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_state_valencia
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_state_valencia
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_83627	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_54571	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_131432	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_65363	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_390539	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_302161	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_425389	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_183110	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_121375	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_154288	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_302166	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_35183	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_121382	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_35421	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_121380	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_121378	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_63042	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_127108	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_226326	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_226327	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_35555	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_95846	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_36412	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_163512	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_68197	collected_from	collections_state_aragã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_246048	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_34501	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_37587	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_156405	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_state_åläskie
occurrences_taxon_no_119249	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_valencia
occurrences_taxon_no_161727	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247622	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247631	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247633	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_41079	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247634	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_104794	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247640	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247643	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247647	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_247700	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_247702	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_247719	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_283456	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_54888	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318424	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_54647	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_285515	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318466	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318437	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318425	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318423	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318456	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318444	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318421	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_55603	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_54692	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_54612	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_248971	collected_from	collections_state_puebla
occurrences_taxon_no_81717	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_249624	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_15660	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_249624	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_15660	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_14733	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_297720	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_248186	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_36657	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_247596	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_249575	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_249577	collected_from	collections_state_castilla y leã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_249579	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_56647	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_249608	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_248754	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_72318	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_249799	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_250245	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_53184	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_38127	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_38156	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_166606	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_248581	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248574	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_42967	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_166604	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_247904	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_248410	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_20152	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_134211	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_20346	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_20824	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_20791	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_19854	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_21704	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_87351	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_252316	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_252279	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_252388	collected_from	collections_state_skania
occurrences_taxon_no_252374	collected_from	collections_state_skania
occurrences_taxon_no_252316	collected_from	collections_state_skania
occurrences_taxon_no_252558	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_252561	collected_from	collections_state_assharqiyah
occurrences_taxon_no_38812	collected_from	collections_state_pays de la loire
occurrences_taxon_no_175105	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_39208	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_252713	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_251545	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_252724	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_321444	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_252710	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_252705	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_276461	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_323709	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_321804	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_322107	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_327324	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_322109	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_322130	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_280358	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_133268	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_151799	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_56962	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_198785	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_54555	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38743	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_65860	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_56537	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_57680	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_57674	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_97285	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37359	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_63610	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_69546	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37917	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37927	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_69545	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_52887	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_52789	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_208916	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46675	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_67671	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_39788	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_39781	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_39787	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44377	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_204003	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_39869	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_166541	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_37625	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_67347	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_54555	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_52887	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_57680	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_57674	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_247815	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_248010	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_334111	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_94076	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_248177	collected_from	collections_state_irian jaya
occurrences_taxon_no_248178	collected_from	collections_state_southern highlands
occurrences_taxon_no_248180	collected_from	collections_state_irian jaya
occurrences_taxon_no_179005	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_162353	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_254113	collected_from	collections_state_castilla y leon
occurrences_taxon_no_255313	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_255761	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_255765	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_248204	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_38178	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_256307	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_119241	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_209375	collected_from	collections_state_seabra
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_state_seabra
occurrences_taxon_no_53190	collected_from	collections_state_seabra
occurrences_taxon_no_38172	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_64683	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_108241	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_87534	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_90723	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_91388	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_107596	collected_from	collections_state_bohuslan
occurrences_taxon_no_34605	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_156757	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_state_canelones
occurrences_taxon_no_43527	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_57069	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42079	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_247410	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42082	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_100372	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_244703	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43422	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43439	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43373	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_56964	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_83810	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43453	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_313125	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_57068	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42051	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_83812	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42104	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42100	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42086	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_43441	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_264062	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42143	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_76977	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_40039	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_260251	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_259757	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_259683	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276509	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_322147	collected_from	collections_state_matruh
occurrences_taxon_no_260872	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_261036	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_81118	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_94209	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_42934	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_264164	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_264168	collected_from	collections_state_entre rã­os
occurrences_taxon_no_122015	collected_from	collections_state_entre rã­os
occurrences_taxon_no_264183	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_285274	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_285267	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_285272	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_246043	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_43568	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_83047	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_43468	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_394653	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_42077	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_42098	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_42118	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_388139	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_279733	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_68404	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_388305	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_279736	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_83796	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_264602	collected_from	collections_state_vicenza
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_chatham islands territory
occurrences_taxon_no_122598	collected_from	collections_state_chatham islands territory
occurrences_taxon_no_36412	collected_from	collections_state_chatham islands territory
occurrences_taxon_no_98309	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_412370	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_413143	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_411463	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_406692	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_353060	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_68854	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_92638	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_24643	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_63783	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37762	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38177	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38380	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38345	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_192947	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_64119	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38736	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_264679	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_181134	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53751	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53458	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53713	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243787	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243738	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_146408	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_146412	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244759	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_93651	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_248052	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43614	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243401	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43391	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43396	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43372	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_242930	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_242925	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_395840	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_242972	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243072	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243082	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243085	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_242914	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_42078	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243566	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_240099	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_76993	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_265580	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_57604	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_44330	collected_from	collections_state_maryland
occurrences_taxon_no_68106	collected_from	collections_state_chaouia-ouardigha
occurrences_taxon_no_136181	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_267167	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_166857	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45122	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_267478	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_48076	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_166859	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45108	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_67560	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_267487	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_267488	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_267715	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_267729	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_143942	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_252987	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_53211	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_53957	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_114399	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_273608	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_288037	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_273610	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_268336	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_268507	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_43615	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_268531	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_51615	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_269372	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_269819	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_393168	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_270555	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_270556	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_53382	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_272457	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_23795	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_300003	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_24060	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_259378	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_24208	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_299984	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_24714	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_299994	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_259353	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_23727	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_379159	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_24455	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_259402	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_299991	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_24655	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_259380	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_290548	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_273609	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_218241	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_218266	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_219472	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_219525	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_223295	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_225301	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_39825	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_39855	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_39832	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_39815	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_state_tafilalt
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_jura
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_36652	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_42937	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_42971	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_state_james ross island
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_james ross island
occurrences_taxon_no_202054	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_276169	collected_from	collections_state_puebla
occurrences_taxon_no_276390	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276389	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276473	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_133948	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_276607	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276634	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276636	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276638	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276483	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276481	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276642	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276643	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276574	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276644	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276648	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276487	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276567	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276653	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276569	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276663	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276665	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276668	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276672	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276583	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276673	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252537	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276566	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276492	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276674	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276585	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276500	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276591	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276499	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276592	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252661	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276739	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277486	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276743	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276745	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276630	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276632	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276646	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276521	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276560	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276656	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276659	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276488	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276669	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276737	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276588	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264505	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276741	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276744	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276746	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53537	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276748	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_302431	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_92017	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276874	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276806	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276876	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264488	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277500	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276878	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276879	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252666	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252665	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264512	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_266029	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_266030	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251240	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276880	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276626	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_250626	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276881	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276670	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276738	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264551	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251549	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276892	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276893	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276894	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276896	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276897	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276899	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276898	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276900	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276901	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276903	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276905	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276906	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276907	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276909	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276910	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276911	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276923	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264649	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276926	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264652	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276927	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276929	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276928	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276930	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276932	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276931	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276934	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276936	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276483	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276937	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276642	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276496	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276938	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276943	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276588	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276944	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276940	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276942	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276500	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276945	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252550	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276946	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276947	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276948	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276870	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276949	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276583	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276566	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276950	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276951	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276952	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276953	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276879	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276954	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276956	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_170215	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276957	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276958	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276510	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276955	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276907	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252545	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_250428	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276674	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276966	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_252666	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276965	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276963	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276961	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276960	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276970	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276969	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276967	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276930	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276971	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276973	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276972	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276975	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276974	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_264674	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276977	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276978	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276570	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276979	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276980	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276945	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_265670	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276981	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276985	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276984	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276982	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276986	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276987	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276989	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276991	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276883	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_53538	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276806	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_277911	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276993	collected_from	collections_state_doceava regiã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_276574	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_251828	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_277047	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_277046	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_276673	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_276584	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_276582	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_276789	collected_from	collections_state_san luis
occurrences_taxon_no_276666	collected_from	collections_state_san luis
occurrences_taxon_no_276583	collected_from	collections_state_san luis
occurrences_taxon_no_276822	collected_from	collections_state_san luis
occurrences_taxon_no_277074	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277089	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277101	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277168	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276777	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_56121	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277169	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276803	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277172	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276778	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276782	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_58690	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277171	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277173	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276810	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276809	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276813	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276814	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276829	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_277340	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_264137	collected_from	collections_state_sã£o paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_173566	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_276606	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276562	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278031	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277494	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278032	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276894	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277861	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278033	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278034	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276900	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277199	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278035	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277876	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277067	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278037	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278036	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278038	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278041	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278042	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278043	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277216	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278044	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_81764	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278050	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276925	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276973	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276926	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278051	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278052	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277253	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276972	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278053	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278054	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277262	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278056	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278055	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278057	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278059	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278060	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276965	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278061	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278062	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278063	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277174	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278064	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_277247	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278066	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_276992	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_278270	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_278273	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_54567	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_251997	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_278110	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278114	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278115	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278117	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278119	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278120	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278121	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278123	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_56117	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278176	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278175	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278279	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278165	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_56227	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_56260	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278280	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278178	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_55217	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276510	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278649	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278650	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278651	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278527	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_251184	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277278	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_53537	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278529	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278530	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278531	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277960	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278533	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278534	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_251535	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278526	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_334708	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278535	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278536	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278537	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276837	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278650	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_251184	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277278	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_251535	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_334708	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_53537	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276599	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_251538	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278532	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277960	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278538	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_53534	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278531	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278536	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278537	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276837	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278539	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278529	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278533	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278535	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278649	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278526	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278540	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278541	collected_from	collections_state_caerã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276599	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278532	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_53534	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276452	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278542	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278541	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_252724	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278652	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277198	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_277945	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_278653	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_276516	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_68162	collected_from	collections_state_hokkaido
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_28171	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_28171	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_29276	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_280848	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27028	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_281108	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_281190	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_281284	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_281448	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_280854	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_80601	collected_from	collections_state_wellington
occurrences_taxon_no_80601	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_38213	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_282474	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_53942	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_284331	collected_from	collections_state_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_306747	collected_from	collections_state_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_27361	collected_from	collections_state_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_279038	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_284397	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_284861	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_68031	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_68027	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_285055	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285056	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285059	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285060	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285061	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285062	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285063	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_285190	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_288244	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_269562	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40647	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40108	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40086	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_66304	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_247834	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40119	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_40140	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_286213	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_168583	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_234802	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_58859	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_37426	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_67637	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_286902	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_287211	collected_from	collections_state_jeollanam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_243932	collected_from	collections_state_lower normandy
occurrences_taxon_no_287262	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_287293	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_36680	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_166965	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_81031	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_61893	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_17266	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_280332	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_83909	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_83896	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_209203	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_8932	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_390781	collected_from	collections_state_azores
occurrences_taxon_no_280905	collected_from	collections_state_azores
occurrences_taxon_no_118075	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_89404	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_288187	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_84995	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_288186	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territory
occurrences_taxon_no_288187	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territory
occurrences_taxon_no_89404	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territory
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territory
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_97236	collected_from	collections_state_azores
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_state_azores
occurrences_taxon_no_288244	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_100889	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_288744	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_305455	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_305507	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_288740	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_305444	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_288961	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_state_omngov
occurrences_taxon_no_289013	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_state_bayankhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_state_dornogov
occurrences_taxon_no_289153	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_271430	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_289447	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_289540	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_289550	collected_from	collections_state_crimea
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_state_crimea
occurrences_taxon_no_17622	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_83924	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_81830	collected_from	collections_state_estremadura
occurrences_taxon_no_65843	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_243923	collected_from	collections_state_lower normandy
occurrences_taxon_no_289833	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_290000	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_80601	collected_from	collections_state_gisborne
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_43286	collected_from	collections_state_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_292660	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_294001	collected_from	collections_state_guannxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104042	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_63210	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_54165	collected_from	collections_state_lourinha
occurrences_taxon_no_294822	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_52883	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_83877	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_366734	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_235854	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_78273	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_295725	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_75962	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_76140	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_295743	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_296057	collected_from	collections_state_guajira
occurrences_taxon_no_296060	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_296188	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_83911	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_44174	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_48224	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_100152	collected_from	collections_state_nunavut
occurrences_taxon_no_297028	collected_from	collections_state_la rioja
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425818	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_38808	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_299357	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_299356	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_301924	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_44432	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50112	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_52116	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_163003	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_16833	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_26701	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_303547	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_83197	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_307037	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_288152	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_34740	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_34745	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_154700	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_131704	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_83188	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_83185	collected_from	collections_state_colon
occurrences_taxon_no_28005	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_27022	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_304280	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_304642	collected_from	collections_state_cebu
occurrences_taxon_no_304542	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_43095	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_69704	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_304809	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_33816	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_390737	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_304816	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_34232	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_18948	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_22233	collected_from	collections_state_new brunswick
occurrences_taxon_no_69840	collected_from	collections_state_piemonte
occurrences_taxon_no_66764	collected_from	collections_state_toscana
occurrences_taxon_no_3343	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_3448	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_84241	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_117727	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_136684	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_84218	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_3436	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_114765	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_287062	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_305491	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_305437	collected_from	collections_state_chingiz terrane
occurrences_taxon_no_306456	collected_from	collections_state_san juan
occurrences_taxon_no_260084	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_83130	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34649	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_95928	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_210659	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_80575	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_210668	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_151504	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_306983	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_54544	collected_from	collections_state_saskatchewan
occurrences_taxon_no_307845	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307841	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307785	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307857	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_142655	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_12338	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307863	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307862	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_142672	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_13368	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307861	collected_from	collections_state_kalmar
occurrences_taxon_no_307911	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_187332	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_187325	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_70268	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_200027	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_307912	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_307914	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_70148	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_307918	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_307920	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_2991	collected_from	collections_state_cerova-lieskove
occurrences_taxon_no_308387	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_308911	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_315554	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_309375	collected_from	collections_state_nunavut
occurrences_taxon_no_197861	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_269368	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_43503	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_279974	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_77073	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_309397	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_43629	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_192437	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_42039	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_63496	collected_from	collections_state_ucayali
occurrences_taxon_no_57439	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_65365	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_38598	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_95393	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_36607	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_99806	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_91693	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_91688	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_96163	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_410243	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_56176	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_54828	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_249949	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_279039	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_17963	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_18129	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_70675	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_68006	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_62825	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_24086	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_24264	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_246927	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_121381	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37765	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37686	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37698	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38343	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38360	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_69512	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_36602	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38574	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_64112	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38484	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_156756	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37839	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_57710	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_65555	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_162715	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_81005	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_310773	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_196677	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_310781	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_196675	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_310787	collected_from	collections_state_baerum
occurrences_taxon_no_310789	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_319452	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_68600	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_76125	collected_from	collections_state_skane
occurrences_taxon_no_252279	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_196678	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_310776	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_310994	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_287833	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_15846	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_90462	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_90457	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_15124	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_133037	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_15512	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_14733	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_14525	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_35177	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_170641	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_36569	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_170908	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_312115	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_311429	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_54545	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32382	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32395	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31756	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32064	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32319	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_30903	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32504	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_217294	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32196	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32030	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31812	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32500	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_32503	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_212313	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32030	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32494	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32064	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32503	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_312504	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32508	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32494	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_32493	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_212984	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_31812	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_217294	collected_from	collections_state_tennessee
occurrences_taxon_no_312525	collected_from	collections_state_pennsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_312947	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_311415	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_313710	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_313774	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_71861	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_313795	collected_from	collections_state_puerto rico
occurrences_taxon_no_314129	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314131	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314143	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314140	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_26733	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_313089	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314148	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27165	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27561	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_298766	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_124878	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_27952	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314141	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_28184	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_29876	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_29276	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_29534	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_314142	collected_from	collections_state_north khorasan
occurrences_taxon_no_308028	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_315039	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_315037	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_315038	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_42452	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_86537	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_315036	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_331672	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_34650	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_315332	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264972	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264479	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_285862	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_265674	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264481	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_276821	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_252544	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315516	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315513	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315428	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315326	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315402	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315404	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315401	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_284795	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315517	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_317976	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_315567	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315564	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315558	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315556	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315553	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315842	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315862	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315873	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315875	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_58498	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_37743	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_37982	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_54044	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_41486	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_41380	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_297332	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_41655	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42377	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_50153	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42502	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42572	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42547	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42594	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43011	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43076	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43104	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43170	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43229	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_152492	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_315950	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_62909	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_323527	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316820	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264523	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264481	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_265668	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55311	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_53543	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251904	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_274562	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55453	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252552	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320372	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320374	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264484	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_169683	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320262	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264486	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_266642	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264924	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_169682	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54725	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316502	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53510	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_315570	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316297	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319676	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_280105	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_83627	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264523	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55349	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54830	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_280360	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_276608	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252815	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_325686	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55311	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55453	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319862	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_322019	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55699	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252696	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_265675	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320922	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319973	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_323541	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252762	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_323289	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_169690	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_280348	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264496	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_321780	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277516	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252764	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264491	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277158	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276568	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_286022	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276628	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_265934	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277519	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319676	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320373	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_308945	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252484	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264496	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252687	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276749	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315570	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316493	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316656	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_316660	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_316647	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_67668	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_216646	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_316785	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316785	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316786	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316788	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316790	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316791	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317977	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316815	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316816	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316817	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316818	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316819	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316826	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316828	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316829	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316830	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316834	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316847	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316855	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316814	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251830	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316956	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316960	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316965	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317990	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317992	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317979	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317032	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316787	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_6564	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6460	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6470	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6438	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6778	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_178432	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_178441	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_177437	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_334632	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_54427	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6711	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_149185	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_6114	collected_from	collections_state_terengganu darul iman
occurrences_taxon_no_92743	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_317254	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_317255	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_317256	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_256645	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_57616	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_269481	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_317253	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_72161	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38140	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_150309	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_149042	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_205174	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6510	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6572	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6626	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_178799	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6794	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_83571	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_178831	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_54450	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_149031	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_178902	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_4644	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_223764	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6778	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_62226	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_71228	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6470	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_178881	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_6666	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_149176	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_83604	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276587	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_280348	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277159	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55589	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320511	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252696	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252762	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_265935	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264483	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276503	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252815	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_250687	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_53968	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_175103	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_414147	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54565	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_323289	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_169684	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_341679	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_37407	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_274971	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_37449	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_274972	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_37971	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_38027	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_249808	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_95477	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_72157	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_316827	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316831	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277343	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54622	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_346267	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_319604	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277380	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316502	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317369	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317370	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317372	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54713	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320005	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315550	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315552	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316789	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315572	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317310	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317312	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317316	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317316	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317316	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_317354	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317355	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317357	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317358	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317360	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317361	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317362	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317363	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317364	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317365	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317366	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317367	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_54795	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317403	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_319604	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_316297	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317404	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_315570	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_317376	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317374	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317378	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317379	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_317381	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_251534	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315575	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315560	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315555	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317394	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317412	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315545	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_315534	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_169682	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317702	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_315742	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316293	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_53510	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55693	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55616	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_316373	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54795	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54805	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_53807	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277334	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_317805	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_state_marlborough
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_318095	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_318096	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_318097	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_318145	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_318120	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_249963	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_183090	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_274563	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_261144	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_323542	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252684	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277511	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_266639	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_331945	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_321779	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_266027	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_277160	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_286024	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_55260	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_318420	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_100163	collected_from	collections_state_volgograd
occurrences_taxon_no_38449	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_235461	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_319140	collected_from	collections_state_dornogov
occurrences_taxon_no_319944	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_354364	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_306245	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_219043	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_67551	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_67720	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_252918	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_119321	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_38844	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_147919	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_67254	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_254183	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_156758	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_137361	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_319574	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319577	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319575	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319586	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319593	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319594	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319578	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319595	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_319823	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_319845	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_53277	collected_from	collections_state_antofagasta
occurrences_taxon_no_55642	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_71846	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264523	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252445	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320374	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266642	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_321782	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264924	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252497	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264798	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264494	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_277350	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320373	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_249963	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_280105	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252682	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_276593	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266640	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_280348	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_278505	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252537	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320359	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_308624	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266844	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_274562	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320261	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_251298	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_286024	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264647	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264652	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252758	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264537	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_322120	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264668	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264518	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264524	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266845	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_276506	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_252765	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_265668	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266840	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_309778	collected_from	collections_state_vokhov area
occurrences_taxon_no_320243	collected_from	collections_state_vokhov area
occurrences_taxon_no_315289	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320398	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_320399	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264483	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264485	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264491	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264492	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264493	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_325686	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_321781	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_277159	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_277511	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_251329	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_328220	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252685	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264518	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_327456	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_266033	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252683	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264539	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264540	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_255606	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252680	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264545	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264547	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252668	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264511	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_252674	collected_from	collections_state_falkland islands
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_320684	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_54830	collected_from	collections_state_tierra del fuego
occurrences_taxon_no_320865	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_320865	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_320931	collected_from	collections_state_heilongjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_104635	collected_from	collections_state_valenciana
occurrences_taxon_no_17468	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_41186	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_267870	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_83169	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_36652	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_36634	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_39734	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_326046	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_67202	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_65140	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cote d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_64112	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_92043	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_54535	collected_from	collections_state_er rachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_144577	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_321748	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_321774	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321773	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321772	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321747	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321763	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321780	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_321782	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_325688	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_277158	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_322630	collected_from	collections_state_hã©rault
occurrences_taxon_no_308668	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_5004	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_5005	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_309807	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_29949	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_33860	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_33998	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_27047	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_333334	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_305949	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_34005	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_33917	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_344859	collected_from	collections_state_bayanhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_67681	collected_from	collections_state_saskatchewan
occurrences_taxon_no_323285	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_323286	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_54789	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_53510	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_323288	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_277334	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_54795	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_54805	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_316373	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_323289	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_323291	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_325744	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276786	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276550	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264490	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252660	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276741	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_318490	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276521	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_266028	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264607	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_277277	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252762	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_276647	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264486	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_264494	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_277515	collected_from	collections_state_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_323293	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323294	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323299	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323300	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_320912	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323443	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323442	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_55681	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323463	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_320014	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_316974	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_55311	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_55506	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_319952	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323486	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252532	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323487	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252818	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_331945	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_251528	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_265918	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_266641	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323491	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323489	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_323477	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_334851	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84135	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_393926	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_33974	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_324268	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_324253	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34030	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_325177	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_325181	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_325180	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_33949	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_33957	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34016	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_33874	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_326118	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_291187	collected_from	collections_state_trapani
occurrences_taxon_no_363798	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_326744	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363797	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_326822	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_326824	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_326826	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_327077	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_327078	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_327079	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_327080	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_327081	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_118702	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_24844	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24974	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24992	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24924	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24997	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24882	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25780	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25893	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327126	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327127	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327128	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_321623	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327129	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25778	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327130	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26053	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327131	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327132	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26084	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327145	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25792	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118664	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26154	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327135	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25745	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25902	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25953	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25913	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26102	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25905	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26139	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25844	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26120	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118665	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_98743	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327138	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118726	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118702	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24993	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24783	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24889	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_109926	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25907	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26226	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327137	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_82187	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24904	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327156	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_24926	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25087	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327153	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327158	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25915	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327159	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327160	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118674	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_26266	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118697	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_118669	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25777	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25830	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_25798	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_327164	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_264290	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_277343	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316827	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316373	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54789	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319957	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319964	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319963	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_277380	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320912	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55391	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_261144	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54713	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55442	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320917	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55654	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55506	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320919	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53546	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319852	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_183083	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_251999	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55413	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321350	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_175125	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_277341	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320913	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_175103	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319937	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54565	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320921	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54782	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_282557	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252552	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_317976	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55812	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53543	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_118085	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319966	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320925	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316846	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_251830	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320924	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320923	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321352	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53524	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320005	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320937	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320936	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264381	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319978	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320935	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55780	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320017	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53554	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55402	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55259	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_327194	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_91972	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_277159	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316831	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_316498	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319857	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320361	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319939	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55740	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319865	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319952	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_285859	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53874	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54706	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54728	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321351	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319861	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319875	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319933	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53796	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_183090	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54578	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319885	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264490	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321353	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319858	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319899	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320036	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_318411	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321359	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_317803	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_321358	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319569	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264406	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_322023	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55748	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252697	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264798	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53807	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_274562	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55765	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264413	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_322020	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_55722	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320020	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_322018	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_53924	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319859	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_319863	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_264405	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_54724	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_183081	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_320180	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_322021	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276523	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278281	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276585	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_277342	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276593	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252665	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252661	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_278505	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252692	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_266030	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_251332	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_265719	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276626	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276623	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_251572	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_250626	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_319567	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_266848	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_319514	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_319510	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252678	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276752	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_282546	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_277104	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_277111	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_329428	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276933	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276898	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276928	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_1568	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_1495	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_87684	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_87683	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_88631	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_87800	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_87829	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_88421	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_87876	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276483	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_251828	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276522	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252777	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_264479	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276517	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276571	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_266029	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252814	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_252680	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_251536	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_276740	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_1198	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_277496	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_284791	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_284791	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_322148	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_327237	collected_from	collections_state_ricaurte
occurrences_taxon_no_327238	collected_from	collections_state_ricaurte
occurrences_taxon_no_15143	collected_from	collections_state_ricaurte
occurrences_taxon_no_319108	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_24974	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24789	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327175	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327605	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327615	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327618	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327622	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_98317	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24926	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327643	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_25071	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24877	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_25048	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24924	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327817	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327663	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24817	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_25078	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327665	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_24882	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_25683	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327688	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327696	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327697	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327700	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327705	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327710	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327716	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327717	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327720	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327722	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_25918	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327724	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327726	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327727	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327728	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327729	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327730	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327732	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327736	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327739	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327740	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327741	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327742	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327744	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327747	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327748	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327750	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327755	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327756	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327758	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327760	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327761	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_118684	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327763	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327764	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327765	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327766	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327767	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327770	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327771	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327772	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327773	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327774	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327775	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327776	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327779	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327782	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327784	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327785	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327786	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_327787	collected_from	collections_state_chatham island
occurrences_taxon_no_53394	collected_from	collections_state_cataluã±a
occurrences_taxon_no_334074	collected_from	collections_state_boyaca
occurrences_taxon_no_71785	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_state_ovorkhangai
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_253723	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_192914	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_38437	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_135358	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_state_veszprã©m
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_56630	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_328858	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_162292	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_hokkaido
occurrences_taxon_no_329745	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_68066	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_329994	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_96413	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_330112	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_330110	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_8828	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_62601	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_8548	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_112559	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9253	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_106557	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9632	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9670	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_62110	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10140	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_61893	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_90882	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9468	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9471	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10285	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9788	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_91037	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_115774	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_343068	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10422	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9715	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9592	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10657	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10568	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_62099	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_251356	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_62082	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10609	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10445	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11100	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11875	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11504	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10913	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10970	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11341	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11839	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_60055	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_10999	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11026	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_360219	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11024	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_59819	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11269	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_60300	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_341281	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11774	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_97913	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_115061	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_97853	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11216	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_121088	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_107924	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_60950	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11754	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_113430	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_12129	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_64265	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_12182	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_12214	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_71301	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_12018	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_11990	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16198	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16201	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_101406	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_61036	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16604	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16782	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_18375	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16811	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17044	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_95163	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17441	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_18347	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_153293	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17459	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17478	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17595	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_17670	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_18338	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_62779	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_61721	collected_from	collections_state_kalimantan
occurrences_taxon_no_109154	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_10695	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_109149	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_109120	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_11900	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_90883	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_109324	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_9297	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_61642	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_11904	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_116051	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_109114	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_11026	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_10421	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_8562	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_121448	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_119892	collected_from	collections_state_san salvador
occurrences_taxon_no_330655	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330659	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330635	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_150831	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_310350	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_298747	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_308666	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_307264	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_299230	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330664	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330680	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_59756	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330672	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_77821	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330670	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_79395	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_74147	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_4568	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330665	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_330669	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_308035	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_20372	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_4615	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_117384	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_9451	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_10660	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_114784	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_116409	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_116941	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_408927	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_345266	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_326391	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_158273	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_9322	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_17829	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_114776	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_116470	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_116488	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_17299	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_106168	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_115532	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_269147	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_408948	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_8167	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_114839	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_105504	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_17687	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_106785	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_136130	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_334752	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_213976	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_51116	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42255	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_48343	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42278	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_331088	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_106762	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_39760	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_331367	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_331248	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_300712	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_310453	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_302893	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_29842	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_29327	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_299158	collected_from	collections_state_asker
occurrences_taxon_no_136510	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_136510	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_44522	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_46262	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_395216	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_45016	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_49517	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_170866	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_57437	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_38673	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_319107	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_319099	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_333145	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_333146	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_state_lara
occurrences_taxon_no_171615	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_333969	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_15489	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_273283	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_14814	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_15243	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_334323	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_150278	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_38341	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_68074	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_tataouine
occurrences_taxon_no_334436	collected_from	collections_state_azerbaijan
occurrences_taxon_no_150945	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_65451	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_335147	collected_from	collections_state_curaã§ao
occurrences_taxon_no_335149	collected_from	collections_state_bonaire
occurrences_taxon_no_232003	collected_from	collections_state_bonaire
occurrences_taxon_no_335148	collected_from	collections_state_curaã§ao
occurrences_taxon_no_335151	collected_from	collections_state_curaã§ao
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_202304	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_63031	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_413557	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_335217	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_242725	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_335354	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_35309	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_53229	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_67351	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_54194	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_197017	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38798	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38712	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_38340	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_39879	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_212350	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_83640	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_62737	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_135387	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_276598	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_325744	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_252554	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_400813	collected_from	collections_state_figuig
occurrences_taxon_no_413783	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_225080	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_395298	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_355948	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_356291	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_37435	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36651	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_67664	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_335466	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_276019	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_143611	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267456	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267453	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267454	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_356292	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_35487	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_53188	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_188836	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43515	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43320	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42038	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40627	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_98345	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_96627	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_246326	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_276023	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_161177	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_356389	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43518	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267455	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267457	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42074	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_55350	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_354639	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_265781	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_209057	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_83788	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_179616	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_37589	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38069	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38400	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38425	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_143587	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40052	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_100399	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_66292	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_188863	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_93606	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43467	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42039	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_76978	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_276050	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42135	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40639	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40636	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40660	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40840	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_354642	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_251791	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_37599	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40002	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40051	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_327562	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43628	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43629	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_57068	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_57069	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_276042	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42056	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_267458	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42134	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_335777	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36986	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_56794	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_135922	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56794	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_332332	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56838	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56843	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_37564	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_139014	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56786	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_37065	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_331592	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_39117	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_39116	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_335655	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_64135	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_37808	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_168719	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_84142	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_295501	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_336072	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_336264	collected_from	collections_state_guangdong
occurrences_taxon_no_336376	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_336377	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_336384	collected_from	collections_state_chiapas
occurrences_taxon_no_376491	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_334953	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_336692	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_336708	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_53648	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244512	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_47880	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_243556	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243561	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43459	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43520	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_42083	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_336949	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53477	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53888	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_337338	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_276791	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_324088	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_277355	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276783	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252446	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252492	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_286217	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276671	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_330010	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252556	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276580	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252542	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_322100	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_252723	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276839	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_276513	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_178839	collected_from	collections_state_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_244720	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_242929	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243029	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_240095	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243088	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_419409	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243055	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243053	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_77000	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244538	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53498	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244760	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_335589	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244722	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43600	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244666	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_244662	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43637	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243635	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_76999	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_42049	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_337013	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_243052	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53469	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53488	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53716	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53715	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_53887	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_36958	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_91714	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_337705	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_337328	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_337716	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_297477	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_337910	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_338357	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_139895	collected_from	collections_state_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140065	collected_from	collections_state_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_140062	collected_from	collections_state_hungary
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_state_ile-de-france
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_state_maine-et-loire
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_338918	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_languedoc-roussillon-midi-pyrã©nã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_auvergne-rhã´ne-alpes
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339100	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_37950	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_94066	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38044	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_38153	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_53353	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_401373	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_39348	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_369374	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166654	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40103	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247139	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234430	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_235548	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_432897	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166636	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234451	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247653	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247654	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_247887	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234486	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248227	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248225	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40180	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166623	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40142	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_348433	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_231481	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_233285	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40152	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_162501	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_162548	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_380042	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248582	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248596	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248597	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_166603	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248586	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248589	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248577	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234545	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234541	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234643	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234627	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234537	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41909	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234852	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339027	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_339568	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_339567	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_339764	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_339574	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_339813	collected_from	collections_state_sachsen-anhalt
occurrences_taxon_no_339828	collected_from	collections_state_hã©rault
occurrences_taxon_no_339827	collected_from	collections_state_alpes-de-haute-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_174010	collected_from	collections_state_alpes-de-haute-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_339847	collected_from	collections_state_alpes-de-haute-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_339853	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_339855	collected_from	collections_state_puy-de-dã´me
occurrences_taxon_no_44596	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_340398	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_340450	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_340452	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_340454	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_340453	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_340457	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_340470	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_340471	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_340474	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_340695	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_340697	collected_from	collections_state_bavaria
occurrences_taxon_no_340713	collected_from	collections_state_pyrã©nã©es-orientales
occurrences_taxon_no_339842	collected_from	collections_state_pyrã©nã©es-orientales
occurrences_taxon_no_340715	collected_from	collections_state_pyrã©nã©es-orientales
occurrences_taxon_no_340815	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_340814	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_340814	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_38975	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56780	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380553	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56770	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56800	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_77031	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_77030	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380585	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_367383	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380586	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_367381	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380595	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_339669	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_56971	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_331025	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_345869	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_341550	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_81422	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_341674	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_341677	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_341857	collected_from	collections_state_l&#299;gatne municipality
occurrences_taxon_no_55067	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396367	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55068	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55065	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_83629	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55062	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157337	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_337675	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_341571	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_264404	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55955	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157350	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157341	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157342	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55984	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_56210	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55969	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54594	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54583	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55942	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55292	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54588	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55294	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55296	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_53623	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54688	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_52908	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157347	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157348	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54721	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_157353	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_56059	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_342057	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_55317	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_38027	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_71231	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_377129	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_957	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2432	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1394	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1776	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1568	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1480	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2612	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1296	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2303	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_898	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1810	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2471	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1401	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2341	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2647	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2594	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2364	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1136	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87958	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_342861	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_343237	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343261	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_343267	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_344206	collected_from	collections_state_allier
occurrences_taxon_no_344336	collected_from	collections_state_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_344335	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_235448	collected_from	collections_state_oxfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_1809	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1596	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_71226	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2821	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2192	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1881	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_377127	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2631	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87963	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87751	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88574	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88284	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87984	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2361	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1526	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87944	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87946	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1528	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2141	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88703	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88031	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88494	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87794	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_313737	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_422359	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_388389	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_388393	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_422304	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_82236	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_113298	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_298168	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_255396	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_421973	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1109	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_859	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1262	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1914	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_71238	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1495	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2197	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_208762	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87684	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87842	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87681	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_424280	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_255407	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88631	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_424492	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87680	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_364628	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87863	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87795	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87808	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_424283	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_255390	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_897	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1156	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2517	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_155899	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_112265	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2186	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1426	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_2321	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1075	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_1439	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_794	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_88651	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87976	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_87917	collected_from	collections_state_lindi
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344860	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_34002	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344859	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_265987	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_348570	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_340368	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344776	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_34001	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_132844	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_344850	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_149849	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_393016	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_339627	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_33901	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_state_wisconsin
occurrences_taxon_no_345253	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_83295	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37450	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_120649	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_58160	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37667	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_345434	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_53179	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_179266	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_180454	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_180456	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_192925	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_109652	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_40573	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_345436	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_41435	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_347892	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_98780	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_131095	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_345438	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_152716	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_68281	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37021	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_345552	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_345558	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_345790	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_345792	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_345807	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_345825	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_229308	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_341551	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_37708	collected_from	collections_state_centre-val de loire
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_state_alpes-de-haute-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_339851	collected_from	collections_state_alpes-de-haute-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_37669	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_346163	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_state_puy-de-dã´me
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_255233	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_345859	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_2624	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_82217	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_1498	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_345865	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_255233	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_345875	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_345989	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_151901	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_60693	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_355204	collected_from	collections_state_southland
occurrences_taxon_no_377134	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34601	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_346030	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34802	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_63784	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_346029	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37383	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_100290	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_63172	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37627	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37786	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38816	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_346048	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_34528	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_346082	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_34544	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_346130	collected_from	collections_state_haute-loire
occurrences_taxon_no_336113	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_346307	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_346415	collected_from	collections_state_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_361723	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_166602	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_54233	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_161666	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_57600	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_54798	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_34325	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_259735	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_346644	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_state_paraã­ba
occurrences_taxon_no_287292	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_1529	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_422345	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_398748	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_1503	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_1521	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_127999	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_346727	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_379976	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_38069	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_346765	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_388023	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31902	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_328735	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26554	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_4591	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_16394	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_433088	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_249583	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_433084	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_433085	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_40127	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_248227	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_166626	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_166623	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_166630	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_248449	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_166603	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_166604	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_248421	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_234411	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_162496	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_432416	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_432417	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_432418	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_lazio
occurrences_taxon_no_347160	collected_from	collections_state_sonora
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_lebap
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_lebap
occurrences_taxon_no_264450	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_264447	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_40750	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_347197	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_347184	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_338435	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_347379	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_347423	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_42541	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_48279	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_42545	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_42549	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_41190	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_41246	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_67308	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_105180	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_83892	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_163536	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_67049	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_tacuarembã³
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_tacuarembã³
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_tacuarembã³
occurrences_taxon_no_63959	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_84915	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_67217	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_88804	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_85218	collected_from	collections_state_virginia
occurrences_taxon_no_67049	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_81829	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_347699	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_68292	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_40102	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_40107	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_40185	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_53066	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_247559	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_40120	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_53069	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_66304	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_151845	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_153139	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151852	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4730	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151857	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151846	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_153195	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151855	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_151844	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_118643	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_118746	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_347860	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_347866	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_347871	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_361292	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_347873	collected_from	collections_state_thessaloniki
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_state_askion
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_state_kavala
occurrences_taxon_no_42678	collected_from	collections_state_kavala
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_state_kavala
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_state_larissa
occurrences_taxon_no_37731	collected_from	collections_state_thessaloniki
occurrences_taxon_no_364472	collected_from	collections_state_thessaloniki
occurrences_taxon_no_197643	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_8311	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347961	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_104234	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347958	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347959	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_198923	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347962	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_77210	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347963	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347964	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_9117	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_77597	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_10047	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347968	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347970	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347965	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_8950	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347967	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_8535	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_347969	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_12086	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_374256	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_374219	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_53975	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_348172	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_234548	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_234476	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_166623	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_234486	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_231483	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_40153	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_249619	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40171	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_248576	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40165	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234414	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40184	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_231485	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_234442	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_431865	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40100	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41923	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41904	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_40676	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_380042	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_348245	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_348483	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_347366	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_43223	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_348513	collected_from	collections_state_auvergne-rhã´ne-alpes
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_94290	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_348734	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_348732	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_42991	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_348887	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_344864	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33837	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33859	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_421140	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_34071	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_348611	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33895	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_340379	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33893	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_351265	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_422003	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_351272	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33944	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_301183	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_344857	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_424024	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_348610	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33925	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33901	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_344905	collected_from	collections_state_southern gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_119783	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348551	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348701	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348556	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348702	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_41461	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348904	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_132053	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348848	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_119863	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_94301	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348906	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_347808	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_40908	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_57925	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348601	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_41036	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_72064	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348698	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348907	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_41230	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_395667	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_41307	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348908	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_99724	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_49652	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_349689	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_41055	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_43277	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_43271	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_43264	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_43137	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_97607	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_42416	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_42680	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_349725	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_54467	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_37675	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_350383	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_349699	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350385	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350386	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350384	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_41586	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_41996	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_41992	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_41986	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350391	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_347502	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_57277	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_41979	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_347496	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_347500	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350395	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_40441	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_40245	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_135585	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_40689	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_57540	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_49711	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_347173	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_42361	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_347731	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_42362	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_67466	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_57043	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_37449	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_37899	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_180602	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_37993	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_38093	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_38098	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_104696	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_143587	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_374320	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350427	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_57541	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350456	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_43007	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_43126	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_350423	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_43106	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_58355	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_40749	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_374309	collected_from	collections_state_nord-pas-de-calais-picardie
occurrences_taxon_no_367674	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_45017	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_104172	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_104251	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_149389	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_149673	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_149382	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_369000	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_231747	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_365993	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_315644	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_347900	collected_from	collections_state_azambuja municipality
occurrences_taxon_no_347875	collected_from	collections_state_lisbon
occurrences_taxon_no_1809	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_34607	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_37685	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_350563	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_350710	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_350721	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_350722	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_350724	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_42801	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42887	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_402626	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42806	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42843	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42762	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42718	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_185969	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_398541	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_424085	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_331818	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_432906	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_104224	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_42805	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_115826	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_43196	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_280637	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41026	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_430489	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41623	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41598	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_397320	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_118540	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41846	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_109643	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_41892	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_40443	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_54273	collected_from	collections_state_cankiri
occurrences_taxon_no_350777	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_350818	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_91875	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_351785	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_373551	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_319276	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_29766	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_29950	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_313223	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_341058	collected_from	collections_state_northern
occurrences_taxon_no_341060	collected_from	collections_state_northern
occurrences_taxon_no_347874	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_37992	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_318123	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_38156	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_347323	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_308083	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41812	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41899	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41897	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41930	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_41583	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_53930	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42183	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_40367	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_27069	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_351796	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_197124	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_354396	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_31101	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_7379	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_19839	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_20206	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_21384	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_21291	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_306372	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_419851	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_381433	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_419854	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_351837	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_351838	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_351839	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_19843	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_20071	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_19921	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_155475	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_350632	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_306226	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_350665	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_369621	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_270339	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_306367	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_26327	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_20206	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_33714	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_33636	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_270341	collected_from	collections_state_xinjian
occurrences_taxon_no_248696	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_39557	collected_from	collections_state_nunavut
occurrences_taxon_no_351980	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_360803	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_360778	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_205367	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_34974	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_205446	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_352388	collected_from	collections_state_leã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_352598	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_340368	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_344777	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_340650	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_344862	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_344872	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_354775	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_33856	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_347299	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_132844	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_352598	collected_from	collections_state_gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_41930	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_41917	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_94218	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_118946	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_91475	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_53930	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_40869	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_433181	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_372281	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_117158	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_104229	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_374425	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_42824	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_347874	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_38136	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_353181	collected_from	collections_state_mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_353663	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_55027	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353500	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_81251	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353503	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353505	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_84917	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_353507	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_148170	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_354124	collected_from	collections_state_ulyanovsk
occurrences_taxon_no_309773	collected_from	collections_state_tyva
occurrences_taxon_no_155716	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20758	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_421578	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_28319	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_28314	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_26869	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_26781	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_26879	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21485	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21088	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20390	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21716	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21620	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21111	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21185	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21352	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_28220	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_46592	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_51799	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_354362	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355593	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355592	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_28316	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355594	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355595	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355596	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355599	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_355598	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_26961	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_26890	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_8514	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_26838	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_68053	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_355610	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_313478	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26363	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_303571	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26961	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26872	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_355611	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26999	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_355613	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_28287	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26346	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26388	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26770	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_353180	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26878	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_27019	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_27375	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_28306	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_28314	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_313494	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_124325	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26658	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26459	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26757	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_28220	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_27013	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_86572	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_85004	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_134808	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_355640	collected_from	collections_state_leiria
occurrences_taxon_no_355677	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_355673	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_355670	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_355675	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_84998	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_355674	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_27416	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_26797	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_147237	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147234	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355687	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355680	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147236	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26907	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147238	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26343	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26396	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26938	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147233	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355683	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147239	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_309854	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355685	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_197124	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_29819	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_26395	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355694	collected_from	collections_state_anti-atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_350524	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_350525	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_350527	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_350529	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_350530	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_350534	collected_from	collections_state_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_355701	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_381042	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_306433	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_31085	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_371140	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_151092	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_371135	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_151129	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_31064	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_355703	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_31129	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_31128	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_371138	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_30813	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_355727	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_147235	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_306457	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_352924	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355728	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355729	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_355754	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_266024	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_27219	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26993	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_299813	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26323	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_303918	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26485	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_311815	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_28278	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_355900	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_329888	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_103912	collected_from	collections_state_oslo
occurrences_taxon_no_355918	collected_from	collections_state_tyva
occurrences_taxon_no_355925	collected_from	collections_state_tyva
occurrences_taxon_no_355926	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_40398	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_355973	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_355975	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_110536	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_41988	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_41992	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_374348	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_53142	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_64490	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_104973	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_356268	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_372281	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_370727	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_423748	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_42746	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_67872	collected_from	collections_state_guadix
occurrences_taxon_no_97910	collected_from	collections_state_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_45235	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47183	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_49894	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47445	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_52715	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45629	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_43667	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45733	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40978	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47178	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_307874	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_356574	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46335	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40574	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_49534	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44150	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_48554	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40318	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46796	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_50320	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44737	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_46962	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45239	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40903	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_48090	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_356575	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40223	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40618	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_44158	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45974	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_98682	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_45232	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_47446	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_51112	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_52528	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_40553	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_260835	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_111371	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_154690	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_153967	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_154693	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_87682	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_356994	collected_from	collections_state_lara
occurrences_taxon_no_358388	collected_from	collections_state_lara
occurrences_taxon_no_306367	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_357148	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_53195	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_state_sergipe
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_state_sergipe
occurrences_taxon_no_358021	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_224750	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_237515	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_121040	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_155355	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358296	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358254	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7376	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7370	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_167506	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358242	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358243	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_81584	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_22093	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358346	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358347	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358341	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358336	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358339	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358334	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_170547	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19075	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358255	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_26469	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_150995	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_179256	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_179257	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_69567	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_117840	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_358245	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_27216	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_358273	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_131452	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_289407	collected_from	collections_state_brasov
occurrences_taxon_no_371278	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_40594	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_42238	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_361542	collected_from	collections_state_vicenza
occurrences_taxon_no_177311	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_136244	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_125301	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_183625	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_27290	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_126320	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_173312	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_123607	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_391253	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_123529	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_391254	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_123530	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_192430	collected_from	collections_state_huila
occurrences_taxon_no_358869	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_376162	collected_from	collections_state_neuquen
occurrences_taxon_no_358757	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_358806	collected_from	collections_state_pyrã©nã©es-orientales
occurrences_taxon_no_358881	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_359117	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_280848	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_351785	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27509	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26938	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_86570	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26983	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_28974	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_29950	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26648	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_359307	collected_from	collections_state_harju
occurrences_taxon_no_187906	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_20769	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396040	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396358	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396352	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396353	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19563	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20623	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20624	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_68851	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22024	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_396365	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26877	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8208	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7864	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19060	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19663	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_20902	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19567	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_2907	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_2936	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19043	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22105	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22217	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22095	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7370	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_169158	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7314	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7506	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19104	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22218	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22108	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_18946	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_169159	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19033	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19628	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19293	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19500	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19591	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19629	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19718	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_94357	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_3335	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_2926	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_3611	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7439	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7619	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7011	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_4591	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26435	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_26740	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_19082	collected_from	collections_state_brithish columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_375339	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_44508	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_39075	collected_from	collections_state_karoo basin
occurrences_taxon_no_42765	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42381	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42778	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_390268	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42666	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_360517	collected_from	collections_state_north rhine-westphalia
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_361160	collected_from	collections_state_fayum
occurrences_taxon_no_67331	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_53155	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_368375	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_38393	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_189247	collected_from	collections_state_pabbi hills
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_pabbi hills
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_state_pabbi hills
occurrences_taxon_no_53881	collected_from	collections_state_pabbi hills
occurrences_taxon_no_224097	collected_from	collections_state_pabbi hills
occurrences_taxon_no_63054	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_361415	collected_from	collections_state_bayankhongor
occurrences_taxon_no_328443	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_95925	collected_from	collections_state_liguria
occurrences_taxon_no_270562	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_41178	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_55064	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_51401	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_336364	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_83457	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_44956	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_39552	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_39513	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_50414	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_50603	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_44840	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_45315	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_168584	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_157448	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_157450	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_224042	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_52691	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_160980	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_44860	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_41024	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_52604	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_40901	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_430610	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_41525	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_54232	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_365948	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_364376	collected_from	collections_state_siberia
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_siberia
occurrences_taxon_no_44256	collected_from	collections_state_siberia
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_state_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_42770	collected_from	collections_state_guatemala
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_state_panamã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_363059	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_46666	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_46308	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_42738	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_44374	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_38441	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_45785	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_52112	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_363747	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_46856	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_41876	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_48057	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_41746	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_44840	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_44603	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_51364	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_42727	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_49036	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_42181	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_43836	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_47842	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_48954	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_44963	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_110431	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_42709	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_state_khyber pakhtunkhwa
occurrences_taxon_no_51618	collected_from	collections_state_ultima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_state_zeeland
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_cremona
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_campania
occurrences_taxon_no_43258	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_capri island
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_lazio
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_state_molise
occurrences_taxon_no_39012	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_266622	collected_from	collections_state_itapecuru-mirim
occurrences_taxon_no_367963	collected_from	collections_state_lunda sul
occurrences_taxon_no_367965	collected_from	collections_state_lunda sul
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_state_occitanie
occurrences_taxon_no_231459	collected_from	collections_state_occitanie
occurrences_taxon_no_133366	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_171914	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_70453	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_363794	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_65884	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363791	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_363935	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_92072	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_92064	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_92053	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_42978	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_65037	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_42977	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_portugesa
occurrences_taxon_no_251791	collected_from	collections_state_portugesa
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_state_portugesa
occurrences_taxon_no_43391	collected_from	collections_state_portugesa
occurrences_taxon_no_69691	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_102704	collected_from	collections_state_bechar region
occurrences_taxon_no_364300	collected_from	collections_state_chiapas
occurrences_taxon_no_35343	collected_from	collections_state_chiapas
occurrences_taxon_no_35186	collected_from	collections_state_chiapas
occurrences_taxon_no_364317	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_356116	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_360670	collected_from	collections_state_vienna
occurrences_taxon_no_360737	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_360752	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_360753	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_360784	collected_from	collections_state_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_360743	collected_from	collections_state_toscana
occurrences_taxon_no_360796	collected_from	collections_state_toscana
occurrences_taxon_no_360808	collected_from	collections_state_toscana
occurrences_taxon_no_360790	collected_from	collections_state_piemonte
occurrences_taxon_no_357769	collected_from	collections_state_mbeya
occurrences_taxon_no_265772	collected_from	collections_state_mbeya
occurrences_taxon_no_364638	collected_from	collections_state_erzurum
occurrences_taxon_no_389325	collected_from	collections_state_erzurum
occurrences_taxon_no_35343	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_53981	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_35549	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_35617	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_35920	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_53986	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_343388	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_355887	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_358056	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_343401	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_356138	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_399034	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_55549	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_365249	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_365326	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_365393	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_151846	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_151856	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_151850	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_415972	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_415975	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_152866	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_4122	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_151852	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_153195	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_415983	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_152963	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_19025	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_153176	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_151857	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_153133	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_153162	collected_from	collections_state_arkhangelsk
occurrences_taxon_no_148100	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_19025	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4703	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_230277	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4691	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4122	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4666	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4510	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4728	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4717	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4729	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4733	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4736	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4722	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_4720	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_152411	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_121409	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366395	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_366657	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_167982	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_90536	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_17468	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_395027	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_266201	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_83263	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_173404	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_71846	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_42193	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_47533	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_34538	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83164	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83185	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_377143	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83188	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83192	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83194	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34662	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83209	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83212	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34745	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34740	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_95928	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_288152	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34710	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83168	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34721	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83162	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_83199	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_34706	collected_from	collections_state_panama
occurrences_taxon_no_366741	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_366952	collected_from	collections_state_ishikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_42802	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_41724	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_41592	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_250651	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_37992	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_367111	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_43395	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_42751	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_43244	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_42520	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_161170	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_97137	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_233574	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_45560	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_161234	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_149604	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_367209	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_367210	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_367262	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_367263	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_282543	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_122015	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_367265	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_42046	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_367266	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_367267	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_63049	collected_from	collections_state_north dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_61805	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_372624	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_367307	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_367306	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_367309	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_372628	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_367310	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_31606	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_48856	collected_from	collections_state_maine
occurrences_taxon_no_31771	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_110817	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25327	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_25280	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_25211	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_state_indiana
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_state_indiana
occurrences_taxon_no_256927	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_309954	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_367470	collected_from	collections_state_ohio
occurrences_taxon_no_177301	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_110795	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_20512	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_20494	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_21491	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_19724	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_5033	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_29803	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_5466	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_5322	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_75058	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_77635	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_80460	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_58465	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_69517	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_73337	collected_from	collections_state_quã©bec
occurrences_taxon_no_307386	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_308035	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_19582	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_309463	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_110795	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_310016	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_179940	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_179942	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_179944	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_332948	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_249805	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_401236	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_113813	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_249807	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_387465	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_58730	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37731	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_38127	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_64962	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_53229	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_53081	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_280854	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_28796	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_306645	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_19691	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_21543	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_21780	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_20035	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_308442	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_19740	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_19759	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_16106	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8431	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8470	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_57124	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8943	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8844	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_10074	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_7825	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_12315	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_7675	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_96137	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_86572	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27519	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27539	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_300707	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27556	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_124129	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_28081	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_298624	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27229	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_110279	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27431	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_27384	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_29819	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_86571	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_307194	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_26891	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_26730	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_26895	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_307167	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_26717	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_26647	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_177670	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_103502	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_368826	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_368827	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_103521	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_368822	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_368813	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_203376	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_369576	collected_from	collections_state_ile-de-france
occurrences_taxon_no_39629	collected_from	collections_state_ile-de-france
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_state_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_368044	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_50534	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_370018	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_358411	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_64089	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_99791	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_66716	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_391622	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_northwest territories
occurrences_taxon_no_370353	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_59042	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_60750	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_17772	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_60749	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_148881	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_9532	collected_from	collections_state_yorke peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_39682	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_249805	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_332948	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_113813	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_288758	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_364842	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_335215	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_64962	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_64898	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_249810	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_373745	collected_from	collections_state_veneto
occurrences_taxon_no_296305	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_371025	collected_from	collections_state_zonguldak
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_367942	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_55064	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_355705	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_197675	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_197673	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_197675	collected_from	collections_state_brasov
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_brasov
occurrences_taxon_no_38642	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_56657	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_19827	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_31071	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_31508	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_19061	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_31187	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371479	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371485	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_31198	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371482	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371477	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371487	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_123859	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_371484	collected_from	collections_state_anti atlas
occurrences_taxon_no_2	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_122603	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_35590	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_371750	collected_from	collections_state_saskatchewan
occurrences_taxon_no_366087	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_58757	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_92317	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_374515	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_372000	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_372004	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_372112	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_247409	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372113	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372114	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372116	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372119	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372125	collected_from	collections_state_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_372131	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_372158	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_372265	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_51261	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_44422	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_265661	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_265659	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_106733	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_347445	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_364672	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_39811	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_46067	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_49944	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_381674	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_82509	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_377369	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_state_trentino-alto adige
occurrences_taxon_no_372885	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_372977	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_372979	collected_from	collections_state_lepidopteriselv
occurrences_taxon_no_373032	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_373052	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_379205	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_373058	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_373215	collected_from	collections_state_chaouia-ouardigha
occurrences_taxon_no_347530	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_347830	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_420807	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_351275	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_34043	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_34014	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_420822	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_346739	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_373355	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_373356	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_354253	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_350585	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_317969	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33668	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33753	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_84632	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33679	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33747	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_373310	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_373991	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_374099	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_140518	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_194926	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_252395	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252394	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264390	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_250689	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_264406	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_252397	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_374213	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_374215	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_374218	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_139951	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_122595	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_140319	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_140319	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_122672	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_374496	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_149411	collected_from	collections_state_los lagos
occurrences_taxon_no_374704	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_83629	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_55062	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_53543	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_374740	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_374543	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_338770	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_69036	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_69063	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_141556	collected_from	collections_state_argana basin
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_argana basin
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_state_argana basin
occurrences_taxon_no_68367	collected_from	collections_state_argana basin
occurrences_taxon_no_64094	collected_from	collections_state_argana basin
occurrences_taxon_no_375154	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_34044	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_18145	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_16977	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_65205	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_state_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_304827	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_3743	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_3806	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_54431	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_5124	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5190	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_115421	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5452	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_172925	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5146	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5230	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5718	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_248793	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_6077	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5167	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_249049	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5560	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_172932	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5252	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5564	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5374	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5188	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_248797	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5201	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5150	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5383	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_5588	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_375510	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_19242	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_19302	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26431	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_20034	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_33731	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_378105	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_378663	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_378148	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_426744	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_82596	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_19165	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_20220	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_75128	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26895	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_124260	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_19834	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_21430	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_87613	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_255012	collected_from	collections_state_bavaria
occurrences_taxon_no_255017	collected_from	collections_state_bavaria
occurrences_taxon_no_25824	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26932	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_365767	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27037	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_397507	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_5717	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_5951	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_86508	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_56444	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_110453	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_4874	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_26735	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_33698	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_431641	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_5349	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_81477	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_87610	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_114662	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_84999	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_25550	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_65923	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27448	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27932	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_27381	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_94948	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_54126	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_13602	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_263055	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_376194	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_377252	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_377247	collected_from	collections_state_pennsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_377245	collected_from	collections_state_nuoro
occurrences_taxon_no_56872	collected_from	collections_state_estcourt
occurrences_taxon_no_376426	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_376490	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_375114	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_170540	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_137154	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_14377	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_137160	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_170557	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_375156	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_172057	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_376615	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_36436	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_142399	collected_from	collections_state_bavaria
occurrences_taxon_no_376758	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_179487	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_164857	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_166072	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_539	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_211	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_226	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_12309	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_614	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_636	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_377052	collected_from	collections_state_thessaloniki
occurrences_taxon_no_178202	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_178202	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_178202	collected_from	collections_state_kwazulu-natal
occurrences_taxon_no_324	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_66397	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_152690	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_5	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_377227	collected_from	collections_state_in amenas
occurrences_taxon_no_377274	collected_from	collections_state_barcelona
occurrences_taxon_no_172333	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_38210	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_37070	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_90341	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½
occurrences_taxon_no_377471	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_177679	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_140431	collected_from	collections_state_ruvuma
occurrences_taxon_no_377473	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_67452	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_333719	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_99802	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_377478	collected_from	collections_state_falcã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_64227	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_16339	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_37687	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_60542	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_60971	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_18466	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_state_porto de mos
occurrences_taxon_no_377630	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_209443	collected_from	collections_state_liddesdale
occurrences_taxon_no_373041	collected_from	collections_state_ayrshire
occurrences_taxon_no_377743	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_377768	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_25213	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_124262	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_304938	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_20217	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_21482	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_19815	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_85380	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_259132	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_320071	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_21451	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_308029	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_56897	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_377744	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_310735	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_377747	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_377742	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_343308	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_377815	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_31981	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_377817	collected_from	collections_state_sardinia
occurrences_taxon_no_36578	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_378185	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_378220	collected_from	collections_state_north rhine-westphalia
occurrences_taxon_no_378218	collected_from	collections_state_koknese
occurrences_taxon_no_218915	collected_from	collections_state_north rhine-westphalia
occurrences_taxon_no_378221	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_366711	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_366711	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_376909	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_139595	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_383306	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_17230	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_18145	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_10206	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_385017	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_32611	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_346788	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_181607	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_179739	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_9410	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_10706	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_179737	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_383935	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_179716	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_8185	collected_from	collections_state_mecsek
occurrences_taxon_no_197964	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_83554	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_139895	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_17244	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_lombardy
occurrences_taxon_no_71974	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_335779	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_378412	collected_from	collections_state_lower silesia
occurrences_taxon_no_381532	collected_from	collections_state_lower silesia
occurrences_taxon_no_378505	collected_from	collections_state_lower silesia
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_state_lower silesia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_asturias
occurrences_taxon_no_95925	collected_from	collections_state_vaud
occurrences_taxon_no_378409	collected_from	collections_state_zagora
occurrences_taxon_no_151350	collected_from	collections_state_zagora
occurrences_taxon_no_355707	collected_from	collections_state_zagora
occurrences_taxon_no_378448	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_351087	collected_from	collections_state_alsace-champagne-ardenne-lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_351092	collected_from	collections_state_provence-alpes-cã´te d'azur
occurrences_taxon_no_66279	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_42078	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_264094	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_42138	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_117314	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43568	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43439	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43409	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_56637	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_378466	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_39679	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_264081	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_39676	collected_from	collections_state_baja california
occurrences_taxon_no_129737	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_39693	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_105697	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_105696	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_105695	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_206642	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_39591	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_332074	collected_from	collections_state_sã£o paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_156486	collected_from	collections_state_paranã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_378520	collected_from	collections_state_paranã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_378521	collected_from	collections_state_paranã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_paranã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_state_argana
occurrences_taxon_no_378512	collected_from	collections_state_argana
occurrences_taxon_no_378354	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_378350	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_378537	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_355129	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_378542	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_302431	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_64085	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_194828	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_64085	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_194821	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_249179	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_staffordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_64085	collected_from	collections_state_county down
occurrences_taxon_no_92017	collected_from	collections_state_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_378676	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_378783	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_237259	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2028	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183839	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183846	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1131	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1897	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2571	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1762	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1133	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_126711	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27702	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_126320	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_110439	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_186815	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_186115	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_274186	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_174614	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16505	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_207710	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_124366	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27674	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27560	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_18793	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_9388	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_8372	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_9129	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_29093	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_206585	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_378789	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_128540	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_134674	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_144819	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_141228	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_148435	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_188583	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27121	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_140080	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27194	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_27339	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_207171	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_18734	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16826	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_413917	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_17279	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_255757	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16438	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_274197	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13315	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_21337	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_378795	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_378798	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_378811	collected_from	collections_state_north carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_373107	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_195893	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_199859	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_199868	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_342732	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_68405	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_379204	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_122361	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_122363	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_378581	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_43431	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_169994	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_42121	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_42069	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_42079	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_43405	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_117318	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_394809	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_117307	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_42077	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_44307	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_43579	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_117309	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_259794	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83732	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_49735	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83728	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_231788	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_418913	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83047	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_43497	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_104792	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_81628	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83799	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_43587	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_43646	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_379362	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_83805	collected_from	collections_state_cordoba
occurrences_taxon_no_379241	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42963	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_36083	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_tuscany
occurrences_taxon_no_46384	collected_from	collections_state_great lake depression
occurrences_taxon_no_379347	collected_from	collections_state_pennsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_379350	collected_from	collections_state_pennsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_378349	collected_from	collections_state_pennsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_379451	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_379453	collected_from	collections_state_falcã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_199769	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_273735	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_269651	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_14749	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_273740	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_269551	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_14967	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_273739	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_273672	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_15826	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_273679	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_239452	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_15384	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_15397	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_380544	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380588	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_379331	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_380665	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_39441	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_234021	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_423132	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_104878	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_41728	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_104811	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_83796	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_42116	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_81628	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_68403	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_43568	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_42108	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_104811	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_263257	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_279732	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_42118	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_151097	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_120178	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_367239	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_270813	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_40047	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_388621	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_97908	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_279735	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_42048	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_380667	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_263279	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_42077	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_380548	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_39019	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_39134	collected_from	collections_state_western cape
occurrences_taxon_no_380794	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_131839	collected_from	collections_state_sindh
occurrences_taxon_no_131838	collected_from	collections_state_sindh
occurrences_taxon_no_305973	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_279730	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_279731	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_380816	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_133879	collected_from	collections_state_rajasthan
occurrences_taxon_no_372638	collected_from	collections_state_bayern
occurrences_taxon_no_380893	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_381772	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_381767	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_381233	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_381229	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_381234	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_381235	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_381231	collected_from	collections_state_jiangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_356484	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_42126	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_42108	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_39594	collected_from	collections_state_entre rios
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_56175	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_90420	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_3841	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7319	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_85336	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_85331	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_217353	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7520	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_65533	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_58711	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_66103	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7874	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7953	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_65546	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_381054	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_65583	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_170588	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_90450	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7669	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_155355	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7301	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104526	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_65597	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_7762	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_366491	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_366490	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_366488	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18886	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_7772	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_state_centre
occurrences_taxon_no_426009	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_58739	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_381466	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_256645	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_57616	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_38044	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_381501	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_7693	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_399539	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_37948	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_64898	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_64916	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_53933	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_57005	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_366014	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_374542	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_41062	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_104224	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_90215	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_42801	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_42704	collected_from	collections_state_ilfov
occurrences_taxon_no_381528	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_381530	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_378354	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_378546	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-al haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_378351	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_378512	collected_from	collections_state_agadez
occurrences_taxon_no_381536	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_381536	collected_from	collections_state_free state
occurrences_taxon_no_381536	collected_from	collections_state_northern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_39049	collected_from	collections_state_eastern cape
occurrences_taxon_no_278262	collected_from	collections_state_zulia
occurrences_taxon_no_374166	collected_from	collections_state_afyon
occurrences_taxon_no_25932	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_430761	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_384137	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_168363	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_168362	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_94319	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_103008	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_103054	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_335360	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_303106	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_392225	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_432365	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_33183	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1023	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1033	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1342	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_354833	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_2278	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_354860	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1679	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1812	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_2771	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_936	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_1051	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_2282	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_2760	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_331051	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_331054	collected_from	collections_state_aragon
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_castellã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_331054	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_156486	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_82509	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_64084	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_381661	collected_from	collections_state_omnogov
occurrences_taxon_no_377361	collected_from	collections_state_marakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_92016	collected_from	collections_state_marakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_state_marakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_68367	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_369104	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_382035	collected_from	collections_state_gunma
occurrences_taxon_no_261782	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_328741	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_328739	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345934	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_383082	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_383083	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_383084	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_383085	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_338775	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_338776	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_state_amazonas
occurrences_taxon_no_383264	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_37396	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_269999	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_252937	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37393	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37453	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_64882	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_42626	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_42628	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_42647	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_42382	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_43194	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37355	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37410	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_393924	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37401	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_37465	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_249809	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_38140	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_42391	collected_from	collections_state_moravia
occurrences_taxon_no_383652	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_58893	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_2991	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_123399	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_383761	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_383759	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_383760	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_27068	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_124336	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_29918	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_26370	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_319149	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_27725	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_29876	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_125092	collected_from	collections_state_henan
occurrences_taxon_no_383769	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_383770	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_127839	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_127967	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128016	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27814	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27093	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_28121	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_125674	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_125871	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27339	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27869	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27631	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_126732	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_126142	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128212	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128226	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128228	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_127990	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_127998	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128286	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_125720	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128134	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_125510	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_27975	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_128325	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_383910	collected_from	collections_state_hokkaido
occurrences_taxon_no_383960	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_53261	collected_from	collections_state_gifu
occurrences_taxon_no_383994	collected_from	collections_state_la rioja
occurrences_taxon_no_423062	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_384014	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_256633	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_384204	collected_from	collections_state_menorca
occurrences_taxon_no_40475	collected_from	collections_state_menorca
occurrences_taxon_no_41592	collected_from	collections_state_menorca
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_364121	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_58870	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_112784	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16345	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90324	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_430804	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_401022	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_293026	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_167861	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38442	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_93488	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90532	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_167935	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_167914	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90721	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_292738	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_17785	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169258	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_325966	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_325970	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_293252	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_167981	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_18239	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_406019	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90537	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_168094	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_98037	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_97918	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_108631	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90508	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362557	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412286	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169086	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_424147	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412816	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_146976	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362600	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_409446	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169151	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90526	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90524	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11138	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_408311	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_407372	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11232	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_394725	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_407356	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412786	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412794	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412781	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_408314	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412295	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362613	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412514	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11605	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11787	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362621	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362628	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362619	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412224	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_370071	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_414018	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_87450	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11127	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90506	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_394742	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_335362	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_384235	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_340345	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412329	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_407406	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90527	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90529	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_170328	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90504	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_157325	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_105945	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_81485	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362580	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90513	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90134	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_9704	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_402832	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_384595	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412797	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169072	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_61844	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412321	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_9297	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_430808	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412717	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8845	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362564	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_381839	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_370067	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_85649	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_18510	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_402076	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90531	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_25792	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_423049	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_210431	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169002	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_93499	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_293255	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_293189	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_168109	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_12027	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_10963	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169085	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169090	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_248937	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_10711	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_370072	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412332	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412318	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_9451	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_422500	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_407278	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_362565	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_97589	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_169111	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_168064	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_162904	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_11338	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_10923	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90189	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412771	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_412323	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_158729	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90501	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_8057	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_399198	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_18056	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_293594	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_90534	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_83169	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_422853	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_421630	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_384261	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_319562	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_190029	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_91380	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_116941	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_116422	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_17840	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_17887	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_106117	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_371661	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_102528	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_116389	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_16904	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_116467	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_102001	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_114839	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_136059	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_116994	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_323789	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_135804	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_823	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_900	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_113293	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1032	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_241417	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1566	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1621	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1653	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1786	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1810	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1836	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1956	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_2324	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_113304	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_2758	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_113301	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_388393	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_388389	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_422399	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_1917	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_113298	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_23913	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_24002	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_24024	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_24154	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_24521	collected_from	collections_state_umbria
occurrences_taxon_no_384283	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_384374	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_261749	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384422	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384415	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384420	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384412	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384414	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384421	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384418	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384417	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_4515	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_384419	collected_from	collections_state_hunedoara
occurrences_taxon_no_14670	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_15119	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_273726	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_274506	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_257899	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_343776	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_273827	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_185596	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_273015	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_14749	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_239446	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_274506	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14814	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14670	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_343776	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273827	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_274507	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_185596	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_343774	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15119	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15243	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15489	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14749	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_239446	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_239445	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273837	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_272999	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_299767	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_170908	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_389359	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_7805	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_81704	collected_from	collections_state_nidwalden
occurrences_taxon_no_385627	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_385938	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_386038	collected_from	collections_state_luang prabang
occurrences_taxon_no_14994	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273087	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_269594	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273088	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_269605	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15707	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273658	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_257811	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_257846	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273667	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183990	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183246	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_269667	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183244	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183250	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183249	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14904	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15533	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183238	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183225	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183224	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15397	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_273130	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183388	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15754	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_322481	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14649	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_257961	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_183389	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_14676	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15515	collected_from	collections_state_granda
occurrences_taxon_no_15515	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_230995	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_257892	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_77108	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269740	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269605	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_257961	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_15523	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_69970	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_183398	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322287	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269737	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_14800	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_14678	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_77149	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322805	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_15423	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_15404	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322810	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_389481	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_14646	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322820	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269723	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322823	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322776	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_273329	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322781	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_14960	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_259336	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269733	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269769	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_184565	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_257895	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322807	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_322819	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_14856	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_184218	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_299661	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_269760	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_184253	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_6555	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_15489	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14898	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14670	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273015	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_239446	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_239445	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273837	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_15243	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273088	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14994	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_257811	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_269605	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_269594	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273087	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_15177	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183235	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183244	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183250	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183249	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183388	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14649	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_257846	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183242	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_15112	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183245	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183226	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183228	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_257823	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14904	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273116	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14676	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183991	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_183225	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_32612	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_18510	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_391043	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16007	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16601	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_17634	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_60919	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_17958	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16104	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16145	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_8598	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_8394	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_11487	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_12007	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_11810	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_8177	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_13148	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_22304	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_155672	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_58820	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_9872	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_33354	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16350	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_16957	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_8395	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_9498	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_10961	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_11138	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_7695	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183878	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_104661	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_104650	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_170751	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182828	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_167547	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_142575	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_142577	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_104636	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_163944	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7424	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_185352	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182635	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_164608	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_163946	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_65613	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_181250	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_181613	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7565	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_80010	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_76988	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_163945	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182701	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183694	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_181279	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_71142	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7950	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182837	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182839	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_76095	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_141338	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_76960	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_185359	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_260765	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7963	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182841	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_186595	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182188	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_181017	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_85332	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182523	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_186026	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182184	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_72752	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_68888	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_141167	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_76975	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_185922	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_142547	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183769	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_149000	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_30737	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7304	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_150006	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_149005	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183869	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_186600	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7928	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_65629	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_7301	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182642	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182700	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_141572	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_196139	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_78508	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_104641	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_355703	collected_from	collections_state_ståedoäeskã½ kraj
occurrences_taxon_no_379979	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_386800	collected_from	collections_state_centro
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_scotland
occurrences_taxon_no_230995	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_184233	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_273329	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_269759	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322783	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14800	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322805	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_77149	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322810	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_14678	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_15423	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_257895	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322807	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322819	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322816	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322820	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_322823	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88388	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88381	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88238	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88507	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87820	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87819	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88605	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87866	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88604	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88510	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88204	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88203	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88201	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88505	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87852	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87926	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88342	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87822	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88655	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88207	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88509	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88508	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_88447	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87829	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_87895	collected_from	collections_state_jaã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_386998	collected_from	collections_state_rio negra
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_aragã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_aragã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_387202	collected_from	collections_state_tucumã¡n
occurrences_taxon_no_387301	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_88388	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88379	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88322	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88605	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88354	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88349	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88207	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88204	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88201	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88200	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_87926	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_87822	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88655	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_87795	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88203	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_262142	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_156168	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_209243	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_387333	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_387332	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_54275	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_state_changwat
occurrences_taxon_no_80507	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88641	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88253	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88352	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_87819	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88238	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_87826	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88505	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_88328	collected_from	collections_state_murcia
occurrences_taxon_no_387351	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_4672	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_387438	collected_from	collections_state_limburg
occurrences_taxon_no_72315	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_57431	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_387445	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_387448	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_81113	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_387441	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_77267	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_57430	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_348419	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_67240	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_142969	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_68970	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_87829	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88322	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88605	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88354	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88352	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88349	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88207	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88204	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88201	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87926	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87795	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88388	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88379	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88203	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88200	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87822	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88655	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88253	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_88641	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_264320	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_58837	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_387583	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_49788	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_44721	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_39783	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_309374	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_39779	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_377689	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_suphan buri
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_376557	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_376559	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_377689	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_state_lopburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_state_saraburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_state_saraburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_state_saraburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_state_saraburi
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_state_saraburi
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_state_singburi
occurrences_taxon_no_88238	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87819	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_387661	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_72199	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_148454	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_92615	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_80507	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87820	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_87826	collected_from	collections_state_granada
occurrences_taxon_no_387917	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_387962	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388124	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_387963	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_317218	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_317217	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388125	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388127	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388129	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_25435	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_25501	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388130	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388131	collected_from	collections_state_new york
occurrences_taxon_no_388248	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_388253	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_175253	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_388258	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_185564	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_12618	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_181321	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_185501	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_185472	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_86658	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_185495	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_187763	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_388345	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_97148	collected_from	collections_state_fukui
occurrences_taxon_no_388345	collected_from	collections_state_north siland
occurrences_taxon_no_388345	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_39959	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43596	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_161170	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_49576	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43578	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_137144	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_137096	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43654	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_42127	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_42135	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_159117	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_41238	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_264376	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_224100	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_41079	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_43001	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_42437	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_42440	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_state_monagas
occurrences_taxon_no_41255	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_389269	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_388706	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_22452	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_16130	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_17916	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_9552	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_11804	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_222267	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_221054	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_223278	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_108486	collected_from	collections_state_cyclades
occurrences_taxon_no_372281	collected_from	collections_state_drama
occurrences_taxon_no_90206	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_374542	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_41020	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_41026	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_52758	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_104552	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_104553	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_43199	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_42821	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_42843	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_402608	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_402629	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_374497	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_331818	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_42406	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_97758	collected_from	collections_state_chalkidona
occurrences_taxon_no_161721	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_389478	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_389409	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_26401	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_306645	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_389398	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_275447	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_306829	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_305374	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_308245	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_389404	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_305376	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_27032	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_27025	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_172964	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_354125	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_26840	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_state_northern shan
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_81250	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_368773	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_389436	collected_from	collections_state_kaliningrad
occurrences_taxon_no_390024	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_390655	collected_from	collections_state_maranhã£o
occurrences_taxon_no_391040	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_298772	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_391159	collected_from	collections_state_quebec
occurrences_taxon_no_391206	collected_from	collections_state_bavaria
occurrences_taxon_no_391221	collected_from	collections_state_inner mongolia
occurrences_taxon_no_391219	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_104001	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_29513	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_134672	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_150059	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_28939	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_146310	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_146784	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_125265	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_391262	collected_from	collections_state_xizang
occurrences_taxon_no_391267	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_391377	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_391379	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_391381	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_276037	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391613	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391615	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391616	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34589	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_419339	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_66716	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391619	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_276136	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391621	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391622	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_154070	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391623	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_154724	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391625	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_391611	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_391714	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_392451	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_392640	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_392689	collected_from	collections_state_harju
occurrences_taxon_no_170652	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_389406	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_392979	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_389478	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_26401	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_389398	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_298624	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_305376	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_27725	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_392976	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_373551	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_305374	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_308245	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_275447	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_377134	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_133643	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_64192	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_34700	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_289009	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_37590	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_36848	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_42381	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_108538	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_191390	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_42598	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_43194	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_43187	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_36380	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_43277	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_43247	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_43280	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_132660	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_34020	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34075	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33846	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_420820	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_393171	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33859	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_420026	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_340384	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33904	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_393321	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_342739	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_393288	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_346732	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_421498	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34042	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34014	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34005	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33954	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33996	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_420102	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34053	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_393319	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_33862	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_34051	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_351275	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_393171	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33893	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_342739	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_348611	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_424018	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33883	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_34075	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_330036	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33859	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33668	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_350661	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_419856	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_350829	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33710	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33788	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_33636	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_393399	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_393400	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_393398	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_388886	collected_from	collections_state_naxos
occurrences_taxon_no_394167	collected_from	collections_state_naxos
occurrences_taxon_no_40622	collected_from	collections_state_naxos
occurrences_taxon_no_278345	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393653	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_259753	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393655	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393656	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_188882	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393674	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393658	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_393659	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_83805	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_394250	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393986	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33828	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33818	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393396	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33825	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20540	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20248	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20078	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393739	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393644	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393496	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393443	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393747	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393745	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20610	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20124	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_231899	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20040	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393746	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20507	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_19256	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_20278	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_394252	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33943	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_393750	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_393753	collected_from	collections_state_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_252628	collected_from	collections_state_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_16821	collected_from	collections_state_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_252628	collected_from	collections_state_west coast
occurrences_taxon_no_342756	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_19990	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_19885	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21887	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_21211	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_2859	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33539	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33544	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33573	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33538	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_33556	collected_from	collections_state_gorny altai
occurrences_taxon_no_378660	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378077	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33548	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33561	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378655	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_393848	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33778	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_120178	collected_from	collections_state_santiago del estero
occurrences_taxon_no_378664	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33731	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378084	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378653	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33727	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378151	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_426742	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33652	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378666	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_84010	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33670	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_419634	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33655	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378649	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_426744	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_33763	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_427891	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378024	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_378648	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_394398	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_229725	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_300324	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_394394	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_394397	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_14687	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_17240	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15117	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15813	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16802	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_18836	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_14492	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_14466	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_334229	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_394216	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_43443	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_394246	collected_from	collections_state_rio negro
occurrences_taxon_no_294098	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_388338	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_388338	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_159798	collected_from	collections_state_kythera
occurrences_taxon_no_394405	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_33561	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_33541	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_33556	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_394797	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_393846	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_378183	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_33778	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_378084	collected_from	collections_state_mã©ndez
occurrences_taxon_no_394804	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_394805	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_394812	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_57437	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_state_mahajanga
occurrences_taxon_no_395043	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_395124	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395122	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395118	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395114	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395111	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395110	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_33560	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_33572	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395104	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395100	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395043	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395099	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395231	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_395360	collected_from	collections_state_achaia
occurrences_taxon_no_395580	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395581	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395582	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_395591	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395633	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_395636	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_43450	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_395661	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_395660	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_387557	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_433214	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_395669	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_433218	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_395673	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_348916	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_433220	collected_from	collections_state_midi-pyrenã©es
occurrences_taxon_no_379934	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43422	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318195	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_379933	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_379933	collected_from	collections_state_chaco
occurrences_taxon_no_318195	collected_from	collections_state_chaco
occurrences_taxon_no_318196	collected_from	collections_state_chaco
occurrences_taxon_no_318197	collected_from	collections_state_chaco
occurrences_taxon_no_106738	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_336371	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_376900	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_43224	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42704	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_374579	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42751	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_197773	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_53384	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_160848	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_98799	collected_from	collections_state_idaho
occurrences_taxon_no_395010	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_148943	collected_from	collections_state_sao paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_38393	collected_from	collections_state_sao paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_state_sao paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_83934	collected_from	collections_state_sao paulo
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_149316	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_398537	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_398536	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_395891	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_395958	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_345498	collected_from	collections_state_alaska
occurrences_taxon_no_395893	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_2665	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1305	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_54564	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_16556	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_136993	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_186095	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_33951	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_29199	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_174214	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_10354	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_358621	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_28663	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_149320	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_380835	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_166277	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_166280	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_176953	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_166246	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_166247	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_176932	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_396014	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_52808	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_62288	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397040	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397039	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_359817	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_396673	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397046	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397034	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397035	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_2414	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_154147	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_1693	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_2127	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_2232	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_1201	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_250218	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_1218	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_2006	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_8598	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_59772	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_103046	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_11149	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_89978	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_58167	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_396667	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_61286	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_11487	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_112571	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_24704	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_308462	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_111114	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_380494	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_386447	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397079	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397240	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_100173	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397246	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_18125	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_90562	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_16900	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_102373	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_93435	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_100162	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_18263	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_8700	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_18718	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_58808	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_429535	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397251	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397252	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_89304	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_10462	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397286	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_397255	collected_from	collections_state_north island
occurrences_taxon_no_40443	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_53930	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_55270	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_397257	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397258	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397259	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397261	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397355	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_397358	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_414617	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_64087	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_66094	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_141559	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_53366	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_54520	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_64094	collected_from	collections_state_marrakech-tensift-el haouz
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_12247	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_17027	collected_from	collections_state_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397636	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397768	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_129467	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_87965	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_87969	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_397773	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_129467	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_129469	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_state_missouri
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_state_arkansas
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_382852	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_277060	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_276899	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_88421	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_129476	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_129477	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_340268	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_15015	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_382852	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_15655	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_88756	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397788	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_88657	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_88653	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_88665	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_87965	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_277073	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_397779	collected_from	collections_state_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_38589	collected_from	collections_state_centro
occurrences_taxon_no_38664	collected_from	collections_state_lourinha
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_397797	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_397826	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_344429	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_397860	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_397908	collected_from	collections_state_gujarat
occurrences_taxon_no_3841	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_397941	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_397948	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_397997	collected_from	collections_state_south carolina
occurrences_taxon_no_398044	collected_from	collections_state_kaliningrad
occurrences_taxon_no_393650	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_42060	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_149333	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_186095	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_198361	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_288789	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_157181	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_280710	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_26324	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399426	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_149333	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_347560	collected_from	collections_state_sichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_16955	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_177882	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_16759	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_182905	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_17714	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_17371	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_166181	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_197661	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_145802	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_201199	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_387885	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_293214	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_382340	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_6229	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_17840	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_169213	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_398501	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_398519	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_398521	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_38134	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_398520	collected_from	collections_state_hebei
occurrences_taxon_no_398671	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_387463	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_288767	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_375940	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_250714	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_319067	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_namur
occurrences_taxon_no_281434	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_282540	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_43533	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_68407	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_37962	collected_from	collections_state_krasnodar krai
occurrences_taxon_no_346710	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_399170	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_67212	collected_from	collections_state_dornogov
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_399214	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_37639	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_399337	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_399350	collected_from	collections_state_kaliningrad
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_42307	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_43274	collected_from	collections_state_pieria
occurrences_taxon_no_83025	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_399399	collected_from	collections_state_baluchistan
occurrences_taxon_no_58837	collected_from	collections_state_navoi
occurrences_taxon_no_96667	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_39772	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_39874	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_96667	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_state_krasnoyarsk
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_state_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_399545	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_113813	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_387464	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_387465	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_37481	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_335215	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_375954	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_37993	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_199119	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_64898	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_250714	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_319690	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_verona
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_state_occitanie
occurrences_taxon_no_399679	collected_from	collections_state_rutland
occurrences_taxon_no_399731	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399732	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399734	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399728	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183637	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_175788	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183637	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183636	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_175788	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183633	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183633	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399735	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399737	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_29161	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_173971	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_173971	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_182742	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_182742	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_173957	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_173957	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183643	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183644	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183644	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_29687	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183645	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183645	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399738	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_29557	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_29557	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183646	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183646	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183647	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183642	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_183642	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399743	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399744	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399744	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_139587	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_139587	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399745	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399747	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399747	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399748	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_399748	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_399808	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_state_shandong
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_400334	collected_from	collections_state_loja
occurrences_taxon_no_400353	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_400653	collected_from	collections_state_rhineland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_427844	collected_from	collections_state_chiapas
occurrences_taxon_no_401260	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_401264	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_401266	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_401650	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_401650	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_92644	collected_from	collections_state_pacajes
occurrences_taxon_no_402692	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_66316	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_218419	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_22575	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_222820	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_222823	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_400841	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_225131	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_400854	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_32124	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345941	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_402912	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_346160	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_32093	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_402908	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_402909	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_32185	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345936	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345940	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_259442	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_402911	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345932	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_32342	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_32134	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_345943	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_403602	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_5083	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_5337	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_25331	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_5466	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_5951	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_160084	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26796	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_97337	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_3351	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_31872	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_403608	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_3395	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_30743	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_403607	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_403606	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_83907	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_5301	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_403890	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_26689	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_31058	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_403909	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_404054	collected_from	collections_state_durango
occurrences_taxon_no_404172	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_243566	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_301175	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_53981	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35536	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_246626	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301277	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301266	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301264	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301299	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301260	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301256	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301317	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301320	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35619	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301338	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301331	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_246467	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301363	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301365	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301367	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35940	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301169	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35369	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301176	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301214	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36222	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_246636	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36207	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35715	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35734	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301376	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35712	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301384	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301254	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_300794	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35914	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36009	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36108	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36098	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35983	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35992	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35963	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_266404	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36008	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36041	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_300919	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_332801	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35463	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301272	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35402	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301381	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35682	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35676	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35664	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36230	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_361523	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301280	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301268	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35620	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_301793	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35717	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35670	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36011	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36109	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_36244	collected_from	collections_state_rhodes
occurrences_taxon_no_35611	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_301264	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_35614	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_246634	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_301331	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_35625	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_352621	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_301617	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_301260	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_246630	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_35619	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_35703	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_36041	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_300919	collected_from	collections_state_crete
occurrences_taxon_no_362180	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_288242	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404307	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_403943	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404309	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_386475	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404316	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404319	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404321	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_386462	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404330	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404335	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404337	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404342	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404684	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404344	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404348	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_157156	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404353	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404357	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404361	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_157181	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404362	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_56180	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404364	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404365	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404008	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_386478	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404370	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_404373	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_64482	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_387884	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_404421	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_43119	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_404448	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_106418	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_147571	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_350594	collected_from	collections_state_nei mongol
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_404459	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_404461	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_57473	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_181103	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_404508	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_41209	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_404678	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_399544	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_43587	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_356426	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_356425	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_92182	collected_from	collections_state_seymour island
occurrences_taxon_no_381047	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_104838	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_407876	collected_from	collections_state_sao paolo
occurrences_taxon_no_407883	collected_from	collections_state_omngov
occurrences_taxon_no_121412	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland and labrador
occurrences_taxon_no_160684	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland and labrador
occurrences_taxon_no_408347	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_368045	collected_from	collections_state_chiba
occurrences_taxon_no_83374	collected_from	collections_state_chiba
occurrences_taxon_no_409499	collected_from	collections_state_huila
occurrences_taxon_no_37430	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_38122	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_37422	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_state_kozani
occurrences_taxon_no_412748	collected_from	collections_state_south australia
occurrences_taxon_no_41331	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_42307	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_86342	collected_from	collections_state_peloponnesus
occurrences_taxon_no_413873	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_74091	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_7553	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_26525	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_68771	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_413874	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_413878	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_89405	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_202658	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_360135	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_63470	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_414185	collected_from	collections_state_chmelnitsky
occurrences_taxon_no_414429	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_22194	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_22127	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_414871	collected_from	collections_state_south dakota
occurrences_taxon_no_1281	collected_from	collections_state_n/a
occurrences_taxon_no_415420	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_415421	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_16477	collected_from	collections_state_san luis potosã­
occurrences_taxon_no_83932	collected_from	collections_state_n/a
occurrences_taxon_no_416411	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_38449	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_190756	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_321259	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_37589	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_37611	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_state_acre
occurrences_taxon_no_417385	collected_from	collections_state_hubei
occurrences_taxon_no_53274	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_285336	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_285336	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_285332	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_285338	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_263284	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_418927	collected_from	collections_state_lower saxony
occurrences_taxon_no_418928	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_state_victoria
occurrences_taxon_no_419123	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_419280	collected_from	collections_state_lower saxony
occurrences_taxon_no_419360	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_14356	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_165826	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93316	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93311	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93263	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_13854	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_419412	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93267	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_171038	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_171042	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_190184	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_13655	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207787	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93272	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207801	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_171041	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207797	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14420	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_427217	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_186130	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14371	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207888	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14332	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207810	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93278	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_205159	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207895	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207892	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_171034	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207896	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_427240	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_205162	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207811	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_165999	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14383	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_207809	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_169816	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_93289	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_419411	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_207884	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_291898	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_207893	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_43468	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_93286	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_56735	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_361279	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_state_ãltima esperanza
occurrences_taxon_no_142730	collected_from	collections_state_gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_12489	collected_from	collections_state_gotland
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_270341	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_419853	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_350765	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_419851	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_270339	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_270342	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_369621	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_33790	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_350673	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_419906	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_340384	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_393173	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420078	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420045	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33905	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420106	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420026	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34020	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_393636	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34042	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34081	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33998	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420102	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_394090	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_355559	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420101	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420815	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34048	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33904	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34025	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33895	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420133	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_346732	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420107	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33816	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_340382	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34075	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420109	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_277328	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_420110	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_202655	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_202654	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_63173	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_172846	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_100439	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_420112	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_277332	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38018	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38023	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38081	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_364672	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_420115	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420120	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420043	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420123	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420036	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33918	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_33997	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420305	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420033	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34011	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_34093	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_420030	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_17266	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_428813	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_428802	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_60555	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_382991	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_420314	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15751	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_420313	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15026	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_34069	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_382965	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_382919	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_17229	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_360154	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_420319	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_144315	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_131570	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_9928	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_9472	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_297746	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_420318	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_111290	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_60868	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_14608	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_129751	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_420320	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_15179	collected_from	collections_state_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_state_finnmark
occurrences_taxon_no_388680	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_420431	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_420460	collected_from	collections_state_mendoza
occurrences_taxon_no_338817	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_420501	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_394212	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_83448	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_368732	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_333168	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_39553	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_420792	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_143753	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_83372	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_420795	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_335295	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_83479	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_368470	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_39581	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_98964	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_276239	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_276237	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_420124	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_400386	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_335309	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_372771	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_372773	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_145682	collected_from	collections_state_aomori
occurrences_taxon_no_421136	collected_from	collections_state_tibet
occurrences_taxon_no_296518	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_19872	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_421150	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_421152	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_89019	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17941	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17241	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_98561	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_30441	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16094	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16139	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18013	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16849	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16540	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16927	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18222	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17943	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17175	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_94110	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_65205	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16699	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_66039	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17023	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16400	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17206	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17942	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18368	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16485	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16691	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17172	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_14031	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16218	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16638	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17760	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18245	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16495	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_109024	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16803	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16969	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16252	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16775	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16075	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17437	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18747	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17209	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18750	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18400	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_15987	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_15996	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16481	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16580	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16590	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16876	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16769	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_17196	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18606	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_18121	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_30497	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_16386	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_421474	collected_from	collections_state_michigan
occurrences_taxon_no_334525	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_163541	collected_from	collections_state_newfoundland
occurrences_taxon_no_347198	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_92588	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_106418	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_40751	collected_from	collections_state_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_421573	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_243647	collected_from	collections_state_bã­o bã­o
occurrences_taxon_no_378231	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_33545	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_33568	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_421716	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_421715	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_33539	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_421712	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_421718	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_33551	collected_from	collections_state_hunan
occurrences_taxon_no_421898	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_378275	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_21211	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_20758	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_21687	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_194762	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_nebraska
occurrences_taxon_no_420069	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422100	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422101	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_420312	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422103	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_422111	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33921	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_420063	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33917	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_34087	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33862	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_133095	collected_from	collections_state_queensland and western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_321083	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_265045	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_10211	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_138795	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16691	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_28453	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_300657	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16588	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264530	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_170118	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_8799	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_428674	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16031	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_197445	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_255086	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_302498	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264519	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264939	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264425	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16119	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_307067	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_197465	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_174285	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_10276	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_8916	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_265034	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_30476	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_10352	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_108858	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_265025	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_249661	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_10004	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16677	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_300656	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16876	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_10033	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264553	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_18741	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_307125	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_18805	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_210147	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_29407	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_197469	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264421	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_300671	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_59206	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_277426	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_265058	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_264945	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_30579	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_265049	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_244109	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_265003	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_194469	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_133891	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_321035	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_coimbra
occurrences_taxon_no_422873	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_4980	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422877	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422882	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422883	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_122302	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422885	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422892	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_422896	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_4994	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_395863	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_422926	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_422923	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422924	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422930	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422927	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_181133	collected_from	collections_state_san josã©
occurrences_taxon_no_33986	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422925	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422921	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_390005	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422928	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_422923	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_422924	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_422927	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_181133	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_422925	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_39269	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_289541	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_99140	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_321073	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_321069	collected_from	collections_state_sachsen-anhalt
occurrences_taxon_no_181125	collected_from	collections_state_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_423015	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_83119	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_82276	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_83282	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_67679	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_43629	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_43576	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_117319	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_117318	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_97137	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_42652	collected_from	collections_state_rio grand do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_423026	collected_from	collections_state_gunma
occurrences_taxon_no_321072	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_andhra pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_nevada
occurrences_taxon_no_256607	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_state_castilla-la mancha
occurrences_taxon_no_194452	collected_from	collections_state_wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_173368	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_state_niederã¶sterreich
occurrences_taxon_no_321084	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_256610	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_194452	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_388622	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_194431	collected_from	collections_state_lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_57672	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_57672	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_423130	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_259452	collected_from	collections_state_rheinland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_423131	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_259452	collected_from	collections_state_saarland
occurrences_taxon_no_259451	collected_from	collections_state_rheinland-palatinate
occurrences_taxon_no_90710	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_291595	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_423129	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_350537	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_245576	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_244564	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_99751	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_291601	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_379230	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_120861	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_120924	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_321057	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_90710	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_43437	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_43433	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_58160	collected_from	collections_state_santander
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_santander
occurrences_taxon_no_209375	collected_from	collections_state_santander
occurrences_taxon_no_215828	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_215833	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_215831	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_190459	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_119107	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_29920	collected_from	collections_state_kentucky
occurrences_taxon_no_213311	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_321060	collected_from	collections_state_burgundy
occurrences_taxon_no_133098	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_321062	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_260124	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_188211	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_169585	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_169587	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_294787	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_175471	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_234590	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_260240	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_266241	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_16510	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_16759	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_174213	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_18793	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_169582	collected_from	collections_state_west timor
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_390781	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_83168	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_423510	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_423513	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_423511	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_state_tasmania
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_65066	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_370870	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_423742	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_221556	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_194443	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_194449	collected_from	collections_state_lorraine
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_state_aargau
occurrences_taxon_no_42965	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_424036	collected_from	collections_state_ica
occurrences_taxon_no_137509	collected_from	collections_state_rheinland-palatine
occurrences_taxon_no_137509	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_137509	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_321063	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_276631	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_204786	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_204787	collected_from	collections_state_svalbard
occurrences_taxon_no_277761	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_216681	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_34907	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_202179	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_249590	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_249590	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_161891	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_161891	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_249590	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_state_mississippi
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_state_alabama
occurrences_taxon_no_424098	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_267867	collected_from	collections_state_falcã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_424102	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_423717	collected_from	collections_state_boyacã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_423717	collected_from	collections_state_boyaca
occurrences_taxon_no_424138	collected_from	collections_state_irkutsk
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38421	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_67896	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_249670	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38555	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_114403	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_39947	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_45124	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_67746	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_67745	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_39815	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_154139	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_67338	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_35391	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_37911	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_38016	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_34632	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_37383	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_341222	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_117671	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_51265	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_261435	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_424168	collected_from	collections_state_ankara
occurrences_taxon_no_159138	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_273786	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_367936	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_340017	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_425152	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_233610	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_423003	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_388680	collected_from	collections_state_la pampa
occurrences_taxon_no_301183	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_34063	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_34041	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_351265	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_33910	collected_from	collections_state_mã¡laga
occurrences_taxon_no_303142	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_91660	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_42516	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_46965	collected_from	collections_state_jalisco
occurrences_taxon_no_424317	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_424323	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_424329	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_49733	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_51615	collected_from	collections_state_quintana roo
occurrences_taxon_no_424422	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424425	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_424430	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424424	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424404	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424427	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424431	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424421	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424402	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424426	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424429	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_253375	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_235642	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_232926	collected_from	collections_state_tocantins
occurrences_taxon_no_424484	collected_from	collections_state_entre rã­os
occurrences_taxon_no_424483	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_424485	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_424483	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_46312	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43535	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_46312	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43540	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_42682	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43642	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_50045	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_43137	collected_from	collections_state_el petã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42635	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_51294	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_43991	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_43084	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42988	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_43009	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42991	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_424503	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_41567	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_41549	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_43187	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_41520	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_49958	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_52180	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42488	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_45433	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_136636	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_43932	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_46896	collected_from	collections_state_oregon
occurrences_taxon_no_424522	collected_from	collections_state_alba
occurrences_taxon_no_156757	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_83610	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_424654	collected_from	collections_state_alessandria
occurrences_taxon_no_180507	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_424826	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_424829	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_424830	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_358446	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_424831	collected_from	collections_state_british columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_424837	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_424847	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_424849	collected_from	collections_state_falcon
occurrences_taxon_no_424983	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_424989	collected_from	collections_state_bayern
occurrences_taxon_no_424993	collected_from	collections_state_bayern
occurrences_taxon_no_424995	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425123	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_425219	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_367093	collected_from	collections_state_sucre
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_piaui
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_pernambuco
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_bahia
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_minas gerais
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_goiã¡s
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_rondã´nia
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_santa elena
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_chimborazo
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_carchi
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_regiã³n de coquimbo
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_valparaã­so
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_santiago
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_santiago
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_los lagos
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_53962	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_319107	collected_from	collections_state_neuquã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_425354	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_425419	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_131783	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_154495	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425426	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425435	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425438	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425439	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34671	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425858	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_52898	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34637	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_280665	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34526	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425831	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425864	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419281	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_111367	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425401	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_34659	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_156230	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_419300	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_34554	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425825	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_151877	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_154467	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_state_northern ireland
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_124930	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_156220	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425342	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425346	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_183110	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425360	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425331	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425441	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_58872	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_34626	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_154288	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_34704	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_63021	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_117660	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_121375	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_302166	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_35169	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_35244	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_121382	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_117694	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_121380	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_121378	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_226326	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_117691	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_226327	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_35555	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_35590	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_36454	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_425446	collected_from	collections_state_belgorod
occurrences_taxon_no_425447	collected_from	collections_state_volgograd
occurrences_taxon_no_425447	collected_from	collections_state_saratov
occurrences_taxon_no_429180	collected_from	collections_state_saratov
occurrences_taxon_no_425447	collected_from	collections_state_penza
occurrences_taxon_no_425449	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_425333	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_390542	collected_from	collections_state_kansas
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_425751	collected_from	collections_state_sirt basin
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_63020	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425860	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_34714	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_131684	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_34693	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_131691	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425865	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_63020	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_96192	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425867	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425870	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_156218	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_156221	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_151877	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425825	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425832	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425833	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_419301	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425844	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425846	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425851	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_151724	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_253330	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_186563	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425819	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425332	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425324	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425834	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_427811	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419292	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419302	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_154458	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425829	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425396	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34593	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34577	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34573	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425842	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34661	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_419300	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_34663	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425855	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_425820	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_419301	collected_from	collections_state_somme
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425837	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425843	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_state_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_425820	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_305759	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425343	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425854	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_425855	collected_from	collections_state_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425854	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425855	collected_from	collections_state_ardennes
occurrences_taxon_no_425829	collected_from	collections_state_trujillo
occurrences_taxon_no_425913	collected_from	collections_state_trujillo
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_state_trujillo
occurrences_taxon_no_425915	collected_from	collections_state_trujillo
occurrences_taxon_no_425920	collected_from	collections_state_trujillo
occurrences_taxon_no_425923	collected_from	collections_state_er rachida
occurrences_taxon_no_259035	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34484	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425926	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425927	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425930	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425931	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425933	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425935	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425937	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425938	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425939	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425941	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425942	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34568	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425943	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34578	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425944	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425948	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425950	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425952	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425954	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425956	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425958	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_151886	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34713	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_state_tamaulipas
occurrences_taxon_no_245132	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_149810	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_425993	collected_from	collections_state_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_34544	collected_from	collections_state_drã´me
occurrences_taxon_no_41203	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_41288	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42505	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42167	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_43225	collected_from	collections_state_oaxaca
occurrences_taxon_no_25065	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_356562	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_96165	collected_from	collections_state_burgos
occurrences_taxon_no_426666	collected_from	collections_state_atsimo-andrefana
occurrences_taxon_no_426820	collected_from	collections_state_omingonde basin
occurrences_taxon_no_426822	collected_from	collections_state_shanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_276498	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_400815	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_286216	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_328988	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_325730	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_400813	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_309532	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_324821	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276630	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_322652	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276575	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_251828	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_264478	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_327263	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_325682	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276560	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276559	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_265675	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_309335	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_322159	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_277913	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252542	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_325746	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252486	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_252480	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_331916	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_340585	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_321451	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276569	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_322389	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_322390	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_276595	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_330011	collected_from	collections_state_alberta
occurrences_taxon_no_128897	collected_from	collections_state_anadyr
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_state_anadyr
occurrences_taxon_no_15560	collected_from	collections_state_anadyr
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_state_sakhalin island
occurrences_taxon_no_378316	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_68971	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_state_xinjiang
occurrences_taxon_no_364116	collected_from	collections_state_aragã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_84607	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_84607	collected_from	collections_state_salta
occurrences_taxon_no_1657	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1537	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2675	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_813	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1586	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2721	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2661	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_427599	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_969	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2592	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_427600	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1043	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_427596	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1649	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1798	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2277	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_378812	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_2224	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_1044	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_417209	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54441	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54453	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1281	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1868	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2709	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54450	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1787	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2355	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2110	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_98749	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2334	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_766	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54444	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54183	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1629	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_54436	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_54325	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2429	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2366	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_2661	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_803	collected_from	collections_state_meghalaya
occurrences_taxon_no_1533	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_256604	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_1731	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_83734	collected_from	collections_state_buenos aires
occurrences_taxon_no_335286	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_50261	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_427719	collected_from	collections_state_england
occurrences_taxon_no_292135	collected_from	collections_state_hainaut
occurrences_taxon_no_264466	collected_from	collections_state_hainaut
occurrences_taxon_no_2429	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_1972	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_54334	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_6651	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_417209	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_1868	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_2366	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_54444	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_104327	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_383168	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_54183	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_766	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_54326	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_803	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_2000	collected_from	collections_state_liam
occurrences_taxon_no_427738	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_427782	collected_from	collections_state_rã­o negro
occurrences_taxon_no_371115	collected_from	collections_state_khouribga
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_94214	collected_from	collections_state_balearic islands
occurrences_taxon_no_427873	collected_from	collections_state_para
occurrences_taxon_no_427874	collected_from	collections_state_para
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_state_para
occurrences_taxon_no_378123	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_427888	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_427891	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_420688	collected_from	collections_state_jujuy
occurrences_taxon_no_427931	collected_from	collections_state_wyoming
occurrences_taxon_no_428095	collected_from	collections_state_sagaing
occurrences_taxon_no_428100	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_428103	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_428104	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_428115	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_428117	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_261566	collected_from	collections_state_cearã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_428147	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_state_shanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_428183	collected_from	collections_state_khouribga
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_157615	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_428305	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_428302	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_127291	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_177189	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_428308	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_428310	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_29667	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_366127	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_268204	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428359	collected_from	collections_state_muchinga
occurrences_taxon_no_428441	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428440	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_153545	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428427	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_92231	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143793	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428429	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428433	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_43626	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_387877	collected_from	collections_state_catamarca
occurrences_taxon_no_376542	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428437	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428439	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428463	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_362503	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39295	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_335242	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143796	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143736	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372510	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_369702	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143731	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143734	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143738	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_369698	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143739	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39304	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_369211	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143744	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372495	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143748	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368176	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143755	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372473	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143774	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143819	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_367748	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_371330	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143780	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143782	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_367974	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143788	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372508	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143784	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372539	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39624	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143790	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143795	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143798	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_94497	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143816	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39296	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372541	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_367747	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428675	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428676	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_428677	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_425833	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_425411	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_368078	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372523	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143842	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368029	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372534	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428455	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368936	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428461	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143830	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_374028	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428458	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143809	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39357	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368991	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368937	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_373332	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368612	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_365956	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_104205	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143834	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372515	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368320	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372532	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143838	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_37946	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368987	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368984	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428450	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428451	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143801	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368324	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428453	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428454	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39631	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_217961	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_334630	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_372542	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_231469	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143815	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_382884	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_242700	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_37945	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_247679	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_432819	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_40051	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43550	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_146408	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_335589	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43560	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_146412	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_387880	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_146416	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_147575	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_43453	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_153986	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_399315	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_394216	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_404295	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_264064	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_337110	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_404288	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_42079	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_243619	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_318335	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_71875	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428768	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428769	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428770	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_72019	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_365950	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39294	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_399824	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143729	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_367714	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143813	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143787	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143851	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_365958	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_232003	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_231747	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_104181	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_104261	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_39297	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_183083	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_368988	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_428431	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_143746	collected_from	collections_state_south island
occurrences_taxon_no_382901	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428895	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_39999	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_428898	collected_from	collections_state_colorado
occurrences_taxon_no_382808	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_382873	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_428988	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_429012	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_429046	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_429308	collected_from	collections_state_gyeongsangnam-do
occurrences_taxon_no_429315	collected_from	collections_state_coahuila
occurrences_taxon_no_429326	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_429328	collected_from	collections_state_poitou-charentes
occurrences_taxon_no_47880	collected_from	collections_state_ontario
occurrences_taxon_no_178424	collected_from	collections_state_rio grande do sul
occurrences_taxon_no_39585	collected_from	collections_state_allier
occurrences_taxon_no_263018	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264328	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264357	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_21804	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_430361	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_263019	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264361	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264337	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264351	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_264359	collected_from	collections_state_western australia
occurrences_taxon_no_33653	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_33710	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_33615	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_430475	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_430476	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_430478	collected_from	collections_state_wales
occurrences_taxon_no_21119	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_430529	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_430531	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_430532	collected_from	collections_state_shaanxi
occurrences_taxon_no_430531	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_429874	collected_from	collections_state_texas
occurrences_taxon_no_429891	collected_from	collections_state_er rachida
occurrences_taxon_no_430717	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_32398	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_219926	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_220103	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_32399	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_32173	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_220111	collected_from	collections_state_oklahoma
occurrences_taxon_no_409625	collected_from	collections_state_new south wales
occurrences_taxon_no_38802	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_39213	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_57251	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_38522	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_142397	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_39212	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_67321	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_39215	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_67088	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_55540	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_91969	collected_from	collections_state_arizona
occurrences_taxon_no_430846	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_86697	collected_from	collections_state_baden-wã¼rttemberg
occurrences_taxon_no_430847	collected_from	collections_state_chubut
occurrences_taxon_no_424320	collected_from	collections_state_centro
occurrences_taxon_no_429770	collected_from	collections_state_manitoba
occurrences_taxon_no_361366	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_358692	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_38567	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_14330	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_172642	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14364	collected_from	collections_state_guangxi
occurrences_taxon_no_14344	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_278254	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_14080	collected_from	collections_state_anhui
occurrences_taxon_no_432110	collected_from	collections_state_khouribga
occurrences_taxon_no_432285	collected_from	collections_state_northern territory
occurrences_taxon_no_432180	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_64116	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_432264	collected_from	collections_state_queensland
occurrences_taxon_no_417186	collected_from	collections_state_catalonia
occurrences_taxon_no_63759	collected_from	collections_state_montana
occurrences_taxon_no_432683	collected_from	collections_state_liaoning
occurrences_taxon_no_432843	collected_from	collections_state_kaliningrad
occurrences_taxon_no_243936	collected_from	collections_state_bayern
occurrences_taxon_no_297958	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_26443	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_124222	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_26495	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_358526	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_358528	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_30443	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_30584	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_30507	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_30508	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_28747	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_279540	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_28476	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_30050	collected_from	collections_state_skã¥ne
occurrences_taxon_no_246036	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_777	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_2063	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_158258	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_2734	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1206	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_133573	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_238910	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_2424	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_104658	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_1775	collected_from	collections_state_zhejiang
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1385	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183838	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2023	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_203335	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_415250	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_239028	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1127	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1255	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_183842	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2034	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238910	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238909	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1043	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2088	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1185	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1047	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1511	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_239835	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2182	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238917	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2317	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_133573	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1206	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2071	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238355	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_241903	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_104658	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1313	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_158258	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_238276	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1649	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1354	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1826	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1651	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1161	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1305	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1348	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1349	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_886	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_149091	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2123	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1315	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_2122	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_167220	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_342920	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_397008	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_923	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_410000	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_1989	collected_from	collections_state_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_56430	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_268237	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_81989	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_56429	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_56428	collected_from	collections_state_chongqing
occurrences_taxon_no_37162	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_172482	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_330494	collected_from	collections_state_madhya pradesh
occurrences_taxon_no_245111	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_246374	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_37011	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_122334	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_38911	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_38909	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_361926	collected_from	collections_state_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_93510	collected_from	collections_state_new mexico
occurrences_taxon_no_54813	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_56402	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_199501	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_state_yunnan
occurrences_taxon_no_1385	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_896	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2238	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1011	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1127	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1381	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239575	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_70139	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_188121	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_56430	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_396999	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_56429	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_135622	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_113021	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_135623	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1348	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2182	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_183845	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_113014	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_782	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2023	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2605	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1692	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2485	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1927	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_65892	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_383434	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_243711	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_56428	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1350	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1255	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1511	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1044	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_192501	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2256	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_108246	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_757	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2236	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_236056	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_7489	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_158255	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1082	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2688	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2226	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239747	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_7155	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_106984	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_417536	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_113022	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1584	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1897	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_7229	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_408410	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2734	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_831	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2640	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2348	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_56402	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_242278	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239746	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_192487	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_267127	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_192443	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_242281	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1977	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_241064	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239594	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_54351	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_112851	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_112868	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_239760	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_242285	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2347	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_416225	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1538	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_1379	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_4950	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_192490	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_411350	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2294	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_2786	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_236062	collected_from	collections_state_muäla
occurrences_taxon_no_171326	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208007	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13315	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13227	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208014	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13270	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208015	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13294	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_218640	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_208020	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_13285	collected_from	collections_state_china
occurrences_taxon_no_268233	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_420453	collected_from	collections_state_california
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_1303	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_158256	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_158257	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_396996	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_state_chios island
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_28307	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_27373	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_26816	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_9000	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_214874	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_31616	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_31790	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_167464	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_28265	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_28189	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_29779	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_22944	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_32327	collected_from	collections_county_jackson
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_county_dubuque
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_county_chippewa
occurrences_taxon_no_4897	collected_from	collections_county_chippewa
occurrences_taxon_no_5075	collected_from	collections_county_chippewa
occurrences_taxon_no_5113	collected_from	collections_county_chippewa
occurrences_taxon_no_3338	collected_from	collections_county_chippewa
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16765	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_17092	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16370	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_county_cocconino
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_359191	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16975	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_367516	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_367322	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_27561	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_184927	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_28790	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_27042	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_27087	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_21478	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_16085	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_123858	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_7746	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_17148	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_28926	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_29830	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_21523	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_351228	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_86575	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_18745	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_310024	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_370763	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_29602	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_193372	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_27828	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_15804	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_15557	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_county_pueblo
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16476	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_9785	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_10261	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_10707	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_12094	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15509	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15403	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_18757	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_9835	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16275	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15669	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_113741	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_26471	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15057	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15230	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_10835	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_14635	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_7181	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_351463	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_29340	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_16093	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_16133	collected_from	collections_county_antigonish
occurrences_taxon_no_427162	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15784	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_15804	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16975	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_144326	collected_from	collections_county_navajo
occurrences_taxon_no_16531	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16995	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16693	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16655	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_17835	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16917	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_17556	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_7222	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15610	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16978	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16401	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16162	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_14535	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15197	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_18121	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_59188	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_18795	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_17802	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_9785	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_60714	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16679	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_14875	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_14505	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_18757	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_17060	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16496	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16765	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_9630	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_155419	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_267365	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16275	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15509	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_10261	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_9472	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_9835	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_8166	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15811	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15403	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_113741	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15500	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15057	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15230	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16835	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_17370	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15669	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_16476	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_15235	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_12280	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_367279	collected_from	collections_county_pacific
occurrences_taxon_no_46586	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_40995	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_45799	collected_from	collections_county_catron
occurrences_taxon_no_40917	collected_from	collections_county_catron
occurrences_taxon_no_44650	collected_from	collections_county_catron
occurrences_taxon_no_51080	collected_from	collections_county_catron
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_county_catron
occurrences_taxon_no_41399	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_43011	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42184	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41613	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42485	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_43107	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41039	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40467	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41772	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41217	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40917	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42591	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42592	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_43155	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42496	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_47340	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42377	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42607	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42178	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42502	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41632	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_50131	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42547	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41450	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_51506	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42379	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_43225	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42366	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41279	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_46602	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_46833	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_47608	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40435	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40968	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_50095	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41260	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40436	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_46799	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_44990	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_45524	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_50938	collected_from	collections_county_shannon
occurrences_taxon_no_41535	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_43892	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_41379	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42378	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_45526	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_39982	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_42436	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_40388	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_51509	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_50882	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_49155	collected_from	collections_county_bennett
occurrences_taxon_no_43134	collected_from	collections_county_todd
occurrences_taxon_no_48817	collected_from	collections_county_box butte
occurrences_taxon_no_43198	collected_from	collections_county_box butte
occurrences_taxon_no_50489	collected_from	collections_county_dawes
occurrences_taxon_no_50516	collected_from	collections_county_polk
occurrences_taxon_no_47223	collected_from	collections_county_polk
occurrences_taxon_no_44372	collected_from	collections_county_polk
occurrences_taxon_no_50563	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_50216	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_43906	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45241	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_40486	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45278	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_52617	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_51516	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41671	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_50540	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_46204	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_46984	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_47573	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_44431	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_50564	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_51423	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42734	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41676	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41127	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_49471	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45783	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41835	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_90655	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42728	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41870	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_40471	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_40367	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41663	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45401	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45251	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45245	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_46210	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_46759	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_43216	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_47999	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_52622	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_416585	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_52476	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_47374	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_45385	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42158	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41543	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_40378	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41486	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41651	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_50203	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41688	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_52388	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41248	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41086	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_43000	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_46992	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_339628	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_42724	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_44537	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_40486	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_46941	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_46628	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_45836	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_50715	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_51942	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_49856	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_49291	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_47916	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_44725	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_52093	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_44856	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_44593	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_51766	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_47864	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_49239	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_46308	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_50406	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_46648	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_50493	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_46852	collected_from	collections_county_meade
occurrences_taxon_no_374220	collected_from	collections_county_herefordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_53998	collected_from	collections_county_natchitoches
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_37757	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_66357	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_38673	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_68189	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_38713	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_57337	collected_from	collections_county_orangeburg
occurrences_taxon_no_299444	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299550	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299552	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_186016	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299555	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299553	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299559	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_382868	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_299460	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_369026	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_428967	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_382851	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_268210	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_11849	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_268244	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_422559	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_141824	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_18359	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_368941	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_366338	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_382794	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_16727	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_363112	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_85307	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_63022	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_38458	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_68027	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_161842	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_27053	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_327907	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_28017	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_103427	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_299166	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25340	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_8926	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25545	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_308258	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_56479	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_77635	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_21146	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_21587	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_308594	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_54321	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_28742	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_103448	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_103436	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25121	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_307160	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_19772	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_26566	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_33667	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_376516	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25487	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_19777	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_26371	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_16032	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_4568	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_26587	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_17170	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_29771	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_7714	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_31882	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_31341	collected_from	collections_county_franklin
occurrences_taxon_no_308594	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_376516	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_26936	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_308258	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_150199	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_61173	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_8445	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_56479	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_61323	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_21146	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_21574	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_26728	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_25382	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_25121	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_16458	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_28742	collected_from	collections_county_madison
occurrences_taxon_no_102917	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16021	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_187502	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_131082	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_100127	collected_from	collections_county_adams
occurrences_taxon_no_70443	collected_from	collections_county_far east
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_county_far east
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_kamimashiki-gun
occurrences_taxon_no_40243	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_44738	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_42313	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_46961	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_47192	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_50796	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_46182	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_46883	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_47316	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_47328	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_47471	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_49425	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_43687	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_44896	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_40754	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_48552	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_49890	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_40547	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_38309	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_7805	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_53940	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_39710	collected_from	collections_county_waikato district
occurrences_taxon_no_109454	collected_from	collections_county_yixian
occurrences_taxon_no_109454	collected_from	collections_county_beipiao
occurrences_taxon_no_88804	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_68031	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_38816	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_111370	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_111372	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_119301	collected_from	collections_county_fengning
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_28897	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_28971	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_27214	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_26974	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_29134	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_county_newton
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_28897	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27173	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27302	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29979	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27822	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_26974	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27925	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_28003	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27822	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27922	collected_from	collections_county_carroll
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27173	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_28003	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27294	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27522	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27720	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29282	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_30138	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27302	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27714	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29700	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27337	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29569	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27550	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27294	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27522	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29339	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29640	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_28148	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_26974	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_27674	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_28860	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_county_muskogee
occurrences_taxon_no_27100	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27333	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27912	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27291	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_26367	collected_from	collections_county_cherokee
occurrences_taxon_no_27853	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_29087	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_29176	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_29181	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_29519	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_30048	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_27802	collected_from	collections_county_sequoyah
occurrences_taxon_no_104041	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_53942	collected_from	collections_county_uberaba
occurrences_taxon_no_130180	collected_from	collections_county_lingyuan
occurrences_taxon_no_130182	collected_from	collections_county_uberaba
occurrences_taxon_no_133917	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_133916	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_93565	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18437	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_54125	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_17777	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16260	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_9583	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_89052	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_60498	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16021	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_59868	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10894	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_99702	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_187502	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_422582	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_109958	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11300	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_59110	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_138553	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_county_zigui
occurrences_taxon_no_35128	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_92051	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_63051	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_63049	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_67757	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_67754	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_37627	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38783	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_58874	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_54556	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_54487	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_58875	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_38742	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_54550	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_95312	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_60498	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10849	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_17578	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_156258	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_18491	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_109453	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_116593	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_157408	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_109921	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_17822	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_139948	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_56111	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_414128	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_16243	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_9216	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11539	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_102788	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_17958	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_102736	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_61958	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_143871	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_county_choctaw
occurrences_taxon_no_93566	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_16021	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_422582	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_157530	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_59868	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_109453	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_61867	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11624	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_99702	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11251	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_59506	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_121166	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_18491	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_10470	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11300	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_59110	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_66094	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_64083	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_91972	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_60498	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_147170	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_10894	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_6195	collected_from	collections_county_monroe
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_102736	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11099	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11997	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_121157	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10401	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11539	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_9216	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_9839	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10260	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11473	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10670	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_143737	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11656	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_102793	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18791	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_212191	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_17448	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_142945	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_433253	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_6448	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_17629	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_17448	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_freestone
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_bexar
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_bexar
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_bexar
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_6448	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_county_freestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_61454	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10479	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_9467	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_154760	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_12073	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_212193	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11997	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_10291	collected_from	collections_county_maverick
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_navarro
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_county_bexar
occurrences_taxon_no_10889	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_17448	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10973	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_121123	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_115960	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_18217	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11724	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11786	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_93568	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_141420	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_154760	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_143750	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_212190	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_94042	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_10796	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_10479	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_10728	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_93565	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_county_barbour
occurrences_taxon_no_11455	collected_from	collections_county_barbour
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_barbour
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_barbour
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_conecuh
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_conecuh
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_conecuh
occurrences_taxon_no_18075	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_17691	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_93562	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_93564	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_61529	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_61454	collected_from	collections_county_milam
occurrences_taxon_no_9467	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_12038	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_98565	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_11115	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_11268	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_136955	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_10403	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_10685	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_60650	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_58568	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_99700	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_25510	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_7216	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_12021	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_18217	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_93565	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_16224	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_11240	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_hunt
occurrences_taxon_no_18380	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_17518	collected_from	collections_county_caldwell
occurrences_taxon_no_120471	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_9467	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_10896	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_64227	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_10021	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_10470	collected_from	collections_county_falls
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_county_limestone
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_navarro
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_guadalupe
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_county_bastrop
occurrences_taxon_no_9585	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_11575	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_11848	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_94039	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_187751	collected_from	collections_county_medina
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_6108	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_16054	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_10117	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_16083	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_16870	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_10637	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_121120	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_11385	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_kaufman
occurrences_taxon_no_9583	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_14668	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_97608	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_97081	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_146357	collected_from	collections_county_lingyuan
occurrences_taxon_no_38786	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_147060	collected_from	collections_county_paldiski
occurrences_taxon_no_147062	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147066	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147072	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147074	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_13071	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147091	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147092	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147118	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147125	collected_from	collections_county_paldiski
occurrences_taxon_no_147126	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_64792	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_36320	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_147146	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147147	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147148	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147150	collected_from	collections_county_paldiski
occurrences_taxon_no_148483	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_148137	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_148102	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_148101	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_112077	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4567	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_151850	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_152413	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_152442	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_151856	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4721	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4723	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4513	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_148131	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4679	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_148103	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_148474	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_148473	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_148486	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_147756	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_65943	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_148540	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_148717	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_148945	collected_from	collections_county_general salgado
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_11006	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_72358	collected_from	collections_county_dale
occurrences_taxon_no_156689	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_156685	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_156989	collected_from	collections_county_amatole
occurrences_taxon_no_56758	collected_from	collections_county_amatole
occurrences_taxon_no_138763	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_158340	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_62381	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_54359	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_83088	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40869	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_232541	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_386552	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_238676	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40891	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40375	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_158793	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_115140	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40488	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_231739	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40642	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40649	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_94475	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40646	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_109084	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40678	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_376820	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_158789	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_376829	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_158788	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_40683	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_42159	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_231988	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41524	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_92529	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41513	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_92494	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_92495	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41911	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_158796	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_42010	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_233582	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_158795	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41939	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_43271	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41204	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_44887	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_45364	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104030	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104036	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104016	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41139	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_157496	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_240142	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_157463	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104163	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_232934	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_41055	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_224099	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_90651	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_54871	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_192846	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104172	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_42416	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_104244	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149398	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149402	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149404	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_54358	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_42676	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149666	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149670	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149668	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149716	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_42790	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_369217	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_83418	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_369213	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_39340	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_39581	collected_from	collections_county_yunxi
occurrences_taxon_no_138764	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_120628	collected_from	collections_county_beipiao
occurrences_taxon_no_137367	collected_from	collections_county_bayan nor
occurrences_taxon_no_161839	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_65589	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_68867	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_65731	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_68866	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_161841	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_161843	collected_from	collections_county_thorntonia
occurrences_taxon_no_65589	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_65732	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_161839	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_68867	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_65731	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_68866	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_68864	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_161840	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_161841	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_161843	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_68870	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_163562	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_county_xundian
occurrences_taxon_no_112568	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_164270	collected_from	collections_county_ikwezi
occurrences_taxon_no_56804	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_164327	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_164714	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_166960	collected_from	collections_county_fengning
occurrences_taxon_no_167249	collected_from	collections_county_ryssby
occurrences_taxon_no_167249	collected_from	collections_county_kalmarsund
occurrences_taxon_no_206821	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167428	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167430	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167429	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167431	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_4099	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167443	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167447	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167454	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167582	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_167584	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_4131	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_55547	collected_from	collections_county_adilabad
occurrences_taxon_no_38572	collected_from	collections_county_hill
occurrences_taxon_no_138762	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_68238	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_119246	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_67260	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_203217	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_69406	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_70527	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_176587	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_155665	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_382514	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_97078	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_36543	collected_from	collections_county_waikato
occurrences_taxon_no_52775	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_38653	collected_from	collections_county_latina
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_county_latina
occurrences_taxon_no_219050	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_174575	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_174577	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_174578	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_67339	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_174686	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_50489	collected_from	collections_county_sioux
occurrences_taxon_no_176577	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_57365	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_43952	collected_from	collections_county_slope
occurrences_taxon_no_182719	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_186983	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_191379	collected_from	collections_county_thornton
occurrences_taxon_no_192095	collected_from	collections_county_marã­lia
occurrences_taxon_no_202533	collected_from	collections_county_denton
occurrences_taxon_no_194570	collected_from	collections_county_mengla
occurrences_taxon_no_191240	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_114386	collected_from	collections_county_ibirã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_196987	collected_from	collections_county_icã³
occurrences_taxon_no_199123	collected_from	collections_county_dinosaur provincial park
occurrences_taxon_no_38448	collected_from	collections_county_dinosaur provincial park
occurrences_taxon_no_63399	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_351852	collected_from	collections_county_tehama
occurrences_taxon_no_351859	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_36959	collected_from	collections_county_annaka
occurrences_taxon_no_253214	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_11929	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_202439	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_198765	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_92741	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_198766	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_37881	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_57280	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_38024	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_63273	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_37832	collected_from	collections_county_urad houqi
occurrences_taxon_no_100094	collected_from	collections_county_warwickshire
occurrences_taxon_no_204031	collected_from	collections_county_baylor
occurrences_taxon_no_412626	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_416026	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_410461	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_408278	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_379231	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_340630	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_336590	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_263964	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_336589	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_277163	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_277166	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_277147	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_157151	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_405334	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_county_san luis obispo
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_county_monterey county
occurrences_taxon_no_351852	collected_from	collections_county_douglas
occurrences_taxon_no_351854	collected_from	collections_county_shasta
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_county_mendocino
occurrences_taxon_no_351857	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	collections_county_san mateo
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_351855	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_351854	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_351857	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	collections_county_san diego
occurrences_taxon_no_351861	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_351856	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_205435	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_teton
occurrences_taxon_no_205435	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_205715	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_205712	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_207729	collected_from	collections_county_gotha
occurrences_taxon_no_212137	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213419	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213828	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213833	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213835	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213841	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_193106	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213842	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213845	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_138440	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_215710	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215712	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215714	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_175988	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215717	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215719	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215721	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215724	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_213464	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215794	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215795	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215796	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_215999	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_216219	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_216701	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_43582	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_217071	collected_from	collections_county_tepexi de rodriguez
occurrences_taxon_no_320260	collected_from	collections_county_purificacion
occurrences_taxon_no_288408	collected_from	collections_county_prince georges
occurrences_taxon_no_222578	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_222580	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_222582	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_178426	collected_from	collections_county_santa fe
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_county_santa fe
occurrences_taxon_no_227138	collected_from	collections_county_durham
occurrences_taxon_no_83339	collected_from	collections_county_monterey
occurrences_taxon_no_227372	collected_from	collections_county_huainan
occurrences_taxon_no_227431	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_229117	collected_from	collections_county_beaver
occurrences_taxon_no_51155	collected_from	collections_county_beaver
occurrences_taxon_no_65578	collected_from	collections_county_beaver
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_county_beaver
occurrences_taxon_no_92501	collected_from	collections_county_beaver
occurrences_taxon_no_230278	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_233485	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_89456	collected_from	collections_county_picunches
occurrences_taxon_no_234783	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_234899	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_36505	collected_from	collections_county_wiltshire
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_238148	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_37638	collected_from	collections_county_slope
occurrences_taxon_no_240062	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_51609	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_51463	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_43053	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_43109	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_43141	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_49314	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_43015	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_42250	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_52251	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_40944	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_240578	collected_from	collections_county_grant
occurrences_taxon_no_170558	collected_from	collections_county_fuyuan
occurrences_taxon_no_37400	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_243279	collected_from	collections_county_tiquicheo
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_83627	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_54571	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_131432	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_65363	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_county_orangeburg
occurrences_taxon_no_68197	collected_from	collections_county_huesca
occurrences_taxon_no_246048	collected_from	collections_county_fuyuan
occurrences_taxon_no_34501	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_37587	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_55476	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_156405	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_276835	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_56328	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_county_jura krakowsko-czestochowska
occurrences_taxon_no_119249	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_248971	collected_from	collections_county_tepexi de rodriguez
occurrences_taxon_no_81717	collected_from	collections_county_malargue
occurrences_taxon_no_248186	collected_from	collections_county_southern downs local government area
occurrences_taxon_no_36657	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_249577	collected_from	collections_county_burgos
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_laiyang
occurrences_taxon_no_72318	collected_from	collections_county_laiyang
occurrences_taxon_no_250245	collected_from	collections_county_mckinley
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_166606	collected_from	collections_county_southern downs local government area
occurrences_taxon_no_166604	collected_from	collections_county_southern downs local government area
occurrences_taxon_no_248410	collected_from	collections_county_lake eyre
occurrences_taxon_no_252316	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_252279	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_252388	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_252374	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_252558	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_38812	collected_from	collections_county_sarthe
occurrences_taxon_no_175105	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_39208	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_133268	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_151799	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_99866	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_56962	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_37345	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_198785	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_54555	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_38743	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_65860	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_56537	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_57680	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_57674	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_97285	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_37359	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_63610	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_69546	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_37917	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_37927	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_69545	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_52887	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_52789	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_208916	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_46675	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_67671	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_39788	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_39781	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_39787	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_44377	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_204003	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_39869	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_166541	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_38734	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_38831	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_37625	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_37704	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_67347	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_35133	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_67345	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_198785	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_park
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_big horn
occurrences_taxon_no_16005	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_65859	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_65856	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_214887	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_54555	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_52887	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_57680	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_57674	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_57468	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_334111	collected_from	collections_county_denton
occurrences_taxon_no_248177	collected_from	collections_county_jayapura
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_county_oulad abdoun basin
occurrences_taxon_no_254113	collected_from	collections_county_burgos
occurrences_taxon_no_255313	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_255761	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_248204	collected_from	collections_county_oxfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_38178	collected_from	collections_county_oxfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_county_oxfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_256307	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_38172	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_34605	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_259757	collected_from	collections_county_aluminã©
occurrences_taxon_no_259683	collected_from	collections_county_aluminã©
occurrences_taxon_no_260872	collected_from	collections_county_glasgow
occurrences_taxon_no_261036	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_151418	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_county_yorkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_285274	collected_from	collections_county_pender
occurrences_taxon_no_285267	collected_from	collections_county_pender
occurrences_taxon_no_285272	collected_from	collections_county_pender
occurrences_taxon_no_285272	collected_from	collections_county_new hanover
occurrences_taxon_no_285267	collected_from	collections_county_new hanover
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_county_new hanover
occurrences_taxon_no_264602	collected_from	collections_county_altopiano dei sette comuni
occurrences_taxon_no_98309	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_412370	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_413143	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_411463	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_406692	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_353060	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_68854	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_92638	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_24643	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_63783	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_37762	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_56005	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38177	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38380	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_210840	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38345	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_192947	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_64119	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38736	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_264679	collected_from	collections_county_general alvarado
occurrences_taxon_no_161174	collected_from	collections_county_mercedes
occurrences_taxon_no_44330	collected_from	collections_county_prince georges
occurrences_taxon_no_68106	collected_from	collections_county_khouribga
occurrences_taxon_no_166857	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_45122	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_267478	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_48076	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_166859	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_45108	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_67560	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_267715	collected_from	collections_county_tiantai
occurrences_taxon_no_143942	collected_from	collections_county_yorkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_268336	collected_from	collections_county_mengla
occurrences_taxon_no_268507	collected_from	collections_county_ruyang
occurrences_taxon_no_272457	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_23795	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_300003	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_24060	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_259378	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_24208	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_299984	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_24714	collected_from	collections_county_saragossa
occurrences_taxon_no_39825	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_39855	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_39832	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_39815	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_ajoie
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_276169	collected_from	collections_county_tepexi de rodriguez
occurrences_taxon_no_276473	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_133948	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_173566	collected_from	collections_county_ningcheng
occurrences_taxon_no_39666	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_county_jiangshan
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_27544	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_29834	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_27241	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_26764	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27502	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_28171	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_28171	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_26792	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_26392	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_29276	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_28877	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_280848	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_27355	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27028	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_281108	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_281190	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_county_powys
occurrences_taxon_no_103443	collected_from	collections_county_powys
occurrences_taxon_no_280852	collected_from	collections_county_powys
occurrences_taxon_no_280854	collected_from	collections_county_powys
occurrences_taxon_no_308242	collected_from	collections_county_powys
occurrences_taxon_no_80601	collected_from	collections_county_wellington
occurrences_taxon_no_284331	collected_from	collections_county_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_306747	collected_from	collections_county_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_27361	collected_from	collections_county_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_68031	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_83864	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_68027	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_286902	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_287211	collected_from	collections_county_hadong
occurrences_taxon_no_287262	collected_from	collections_county_chuxiong
occurrences_taxon_no_166965	collected_from	collections_county_lingyuan
occurrences_taxon_no_390781	collected_from	collections_county_santa maria island
occurrences_taxon_no_280905	collected_from	collections_county_santa maria island
occurrences_taxon_no_89404	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_288187	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_84995	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_288186	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_county_bent
occurrences_taxon_no_97236	collected_from	collections_county_santa maria island
occurrences_taxon_no_83190	collected_from	collections_county_santa maria island
occurrences_taxon_no_288961	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_289013	collected_from	collections_county_umunugovi aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_county_dornogovi aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_county_dundgov aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_county_bayankhongor aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_276092	collected_from	collections_county_umunugovi aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_289153	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_271430	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_289447	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_289540	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_289153	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_17622	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_83924	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_81830	collected_from	collections_county_lisboa
occurrences_taxon_no_290000	collected_from	collections_county_san diego
occurrences_taxon_no_290000	collected_from	collections_county_san mateo
occurrences_taxon_no_290000	collected_from	collections_county_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_huizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_292660	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_xiuning
occurrences_taxon_no_104042	collected_from	collections_county_shiramine
occurrences_taxon_no_63210	collected_from	collections_county_dorchester
occurrences_taxon_no_235854	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_245647	collected_from	collections_county_north canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_78273	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_295725	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_75962	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_76140	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_296060	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_277340	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_296188	collected_from	collections_county_utah
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_83911	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_44174	collected_from	collections_county_benton
occurrences_taxon_no_48224	collected_from	collections_county_maricopa
occurrences_taxon_no_48224	collected_from	collections_county_yavapai
occurrences_taxon_no_100152	collected_from	collections_county_melville island
occurrences_taxon_no_38808	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_299357	collected_from	collections_county_cumbria
occurrences_taxon_no_299356	collected_from	collections_county_cumbria
occurrences_taxon_no_32825	collected_from	collections_county_czestochowa
occurrences_taxon_no_44432	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_50112	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_52116	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_163003	collected_from	collections_county_songea
occurrences_taxon_no_57091	collected_from	collections_county_songea
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_16833	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_26701	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_26991	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_303547	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_allegany
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_26701	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_28005	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_27022	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_county_steuben
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_304642	collected_from	collections_county_pulangbato area
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_28005	collected_from	collections_county_cattaraugus
occurrences_taxon_no_29071	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_29105	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_24773	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_28431	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_29213	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_28474	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_16760	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_27382	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_29717	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_27813	collected_from	collections_county_hac03
occurrences_taxon_no_287062	collected_from	collections_county_charentes-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_305491	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_260084	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_202672	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_83130	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34649	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_95928	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_83182	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34664	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34640	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_210659	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_80575	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_210668	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34729	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_151504	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_63114	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_307845	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307841	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307785	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307857	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_142655	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_12338	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307863	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307862	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_142672	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_13368	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_307861	collected_from	collections_county_borgholm
occurrences_taxon_no_308387	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_308911	collected_from	collections_county_grant
occurrences_taxon_no_309375	collected_from	collections_county_ellesmere island
occurrences_taxon_no_57439	collected_from	collections_county_fall river
occurrences_taxon_no_65365	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_38598	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_95393	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_36607	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_99806	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_38680	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_63782	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_91693	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_150281	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_91688	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_96163	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_35218	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_410243	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_98309	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_56176	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_54828	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_249949	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_279037	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_279039	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_17963	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_18129	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_70675	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_68006	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_62825	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_24086	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_24264	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_138554	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_246927	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_121373	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_56536	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_121381	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_210644	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_110708	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_150288	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_37765	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_37762	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_37686	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_37698	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38343	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38360	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_69512	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_36602	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38381	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38744	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38574	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_64112	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_38484	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_156756	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_37839	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_186561	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_57710	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_65555	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_162715	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_81005	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_county_ãle d'olã©ron
occurrences_taxon_no_310773	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_310789	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_319452	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_68600	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_76125	collected_from	collections_county_fã¥gelsã¥ng
occurrences_taxon_no_310994	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_32382	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_32395	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31756	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_32064	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_32319	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_30903	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_32504	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_217294	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31756	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_32196	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_217294	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32030	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31812	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32196	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32500	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32503	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_212313	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_county_cumberland
occurrences_taxon_no_32494	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31870	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31896	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_312406	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31762	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_32493	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_32494	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_312504	collected_from	collections_county_lawrence
occurrences_taxon_no_31688	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_32073	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31760	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31692	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31930	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_212983	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31683	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31623	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31687	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31789	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31827	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_312481	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_31989	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_217343	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_212313	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_212975	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_32125	collected_from	collections_county_wayne
occurrences_taxon_no_312525	collected_from	collections_county_lebanon
occurrences_taxon_no_313710	collected_from	collections_county_qijiang
occurrences_taxon_no_313774	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_71861	collected_from	collections_county_pisa
occurrences_taxon_no_313795	collected_from	collections_county_san sebastian
occurrences_taxon_no_264633	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264972	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264479	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_285862	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_252530	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_265674	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264481	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_252470	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_252494	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_276821	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_276515	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_252544	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_315516	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_315326	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_315402	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_315404	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_284795	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_315517	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_317976	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_62909	collected_from	collections_county_kings
occurrences_taxon_no_316656	collected_from	collections_county_manitoulin
occurrences_taxon_no_316660	collected_from	collections_county_jefferson
occurrences_taxon_no_316647	collected_from	collections_county_algoma
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_county_rio blanco
occurrences_taxon_no_67668	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_216646	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_92743	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_317254	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_317255	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_317256	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_135191	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_256645	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_57616	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_269481	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_317253	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_72161	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38140	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38129	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_38158	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_wiesbaden
occurrences_taxon_no_341679	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_37407	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_274971	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_37449	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_274972	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_37971	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_38027	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_249808	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_95477	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_72157	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_346267	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_317702	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_318120	collected_from	collections_county_osona
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_county_osona
occurrences_taxon_no_37695	collected_from	collections_county_osona
occurrences_taxon_no_318420	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_100163	collected_from	collections_county_zhirnovsk
occurrences_taxon_no_319944	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_354364	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_306245	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_219043	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_67551	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_67720	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_252918	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_119321	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_38844	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_147919	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_67254	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_254183	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_219043	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_35190	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_67720	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_252918	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_156758	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_38844	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_54468	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_137361	collected_from	collections_county_chaoyang
occurrences_taxon_no_319823	collected_from	collections_county_mcculloch
occurrences_taxon_no_319845	collected_from	collections_county_carbon county
occurrences_taxon_no_55642	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_71846	collected_from	collections_county_santa barbara
occurrences_taxon_no_249963	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252529	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264523	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_54792	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252682	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252445	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_276617	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_320374	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_250523	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_321782	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_276593	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264924	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_320915	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_280105	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_277149	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_251909	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_277347	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252497	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264543	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252778	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252775	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264798	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_277350	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_320373	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266640	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_251653	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_280348	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_278505	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252473	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_251734	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252537	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_320359	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264520	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_308624	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266642	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264494	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_250528	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266844	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_274562	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_320261	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264489	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_251298	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_286024	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264647	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264652	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264663	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252758	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264537	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252491	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252813	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_322120	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_327459	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264668	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264518	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264524	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266845	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_276506	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252679	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_252765	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_264495	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_265668	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266840	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_266846	collected_from	collections_county_sidney
occurrences_taxon_no_309778	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_320247	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_309813	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_320251	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_365469	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_365379	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_26920	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_312899	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_21622	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_21516	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_20053	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_20055	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_320243	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_363494	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_365471	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_26661	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_365381	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_27792	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_20780	collected_from	collections_county_st. petersburg
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264502	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_251908	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_320684	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_250524	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_252664	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_277505	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_264508	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_54830	collected_from	collections_county_isla grande
occurrences_taxon_no_320865	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_320865	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_320931	collected_from	collections_county_liumao
occurrences_taxon_no_104635	collected_from	collections_county_castellã³n
occurrences_taxon_no_65140	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_92043	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_54535	collected_from	collections_county_meknã¨s-tafilalet
occurrences_taxon_no_144577	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_321748	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_322630	collected_from	collections_county_siran
occurrences_taxon_no_184951	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_291187	collected_from	collections_county_montagna grande
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_327077	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_327078	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_327079	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_327080	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_327081	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_118702	collected_from	collections_county_northwest nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_327237	collected_from	collections_county_boyacã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_327238	collected_from	collections_county_boyacã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_15143	collected_from	collections_county_boyacã¡
occurrences_taxon_no_143429	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_russell
occurrences_taxon_no_33740	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_328033	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_33620	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_33649	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_328030	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_2857	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_2891	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_2885	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_2859	collected_from	collections_county_kandava
occurrences_taxon_no_53394	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_253723	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_192914	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_38437	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_ajkai
occurrences_taxon_no_135358	collected_from	collections_county_sã¼megi
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_county_sã¼megi
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_county_sã¼megi
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_county_sã¼megi
occurrences_taxon_no_56597	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_56630	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_328858	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_162292	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_330110	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_8828	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_62601	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_8548	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_112559	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9253	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_106557	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9632	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9670	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_62110	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10140	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_61893	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_90882	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9468	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9471	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10285	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9594	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9788	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_91037	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_115774	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_343068	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10422	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9715	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9592	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10657	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10568	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_62099	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_251356	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_62082	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_9821	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10609	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10445	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11100	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11875	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11504	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10913	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10970	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11341	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11404	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11839	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_60055	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_10999	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11026	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_360219	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11446	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11024	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_59819	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11269	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_60300	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_341281	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11774	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_97913	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_115061	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_97853	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11216	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_121088	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_107924	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_60950	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11754	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_113430	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_12129	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_64265	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_12182	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_12214	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_71301	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_12018	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11921	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_11990	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16347	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16379	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16198	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16201	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16210	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_101406	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16981	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_61036	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16604	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16782	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_18375	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16811	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16549	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17044	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_16936	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_95163	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17441	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_18347	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_18441	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_153293	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17459	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17478	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17595	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_17670	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_18338	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_62779	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_61721	collected_from	collections_county_bontang
occurrences_taxon_no_334752	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_51116	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_42255	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_48343	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_42278	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_331088	collected_from	collections_county_carbon
occurrences_taxon_no_106762	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_39760	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_331367	collected_from	collections_county_graaff-reinet
occurrences_taxon_no_136510	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_136510	collected_from	collections_county_eureka
occurrences_taxon_no_333969	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_county_lance
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_county_lance
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_county_lance
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38344	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_202304	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_219425	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_63031	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_335354	collected_from	collections_county_eureka
occurrences_taxon_no_35309	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_69034	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_63053	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_53229	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_67351	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_54194	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_197017	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_37784	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38798	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38712	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38470	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38356	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_38340	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_39879	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_212350	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_55110	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_61804	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_83640	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_62737	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_135387	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_264632	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_276598	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_252469	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_325744	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_252554	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_264974	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_276590	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_264500	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_269360	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_276497	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_250527	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_400813	collected_from	collections_county_anoual syncline area
occurrences_taxon_no_55350	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_264574	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_225080	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_34745	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_354642	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_63613	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_34700	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_356292	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_356291	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_92060	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_209057	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_37599	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36325	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_38083	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_96627	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_40046	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_67664	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43527	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_188863	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_43628	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_105045	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42145	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_83800	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_122365	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42095	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42052	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_42039	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_36986	collected_from	collections_county_fife
occurrences_taxon_no_56794	collected_from	collections_county_beaufort west
occurrences_taxon_no_135922	collected_from	collections_county_beaufort west
occurrences_taxon_no_56794	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_332332	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_56838	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_56843	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37564	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_139014	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_56786	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_37065	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_331592	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_39117	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_39116	collected_from	collections_county_laingsburg
occurrences_taxon_no_335655	collected_from	collections_county_south gloucestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_64135	collected_from	collections_county_south gloucestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_37808	collected_from	collections_county_south gloucestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_168719	collected_from	collections_county_south gloucestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_295501	collected_from	collections_county_sarah baartman
occurrences_taxon_no_336072	collected_from	collections_county_beaufort west
occurrences_taxon_no_376491	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_334953	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_336692	collected_from	collections_county_washakie
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_washakie
occurrences_taxon_no_47880	collected_from	collections_county_kenosha
occurrences_taxon_no_36958	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_91714	collected_from	collections_county_graaff-reinet
occurrences_taxon_no_337705	collected_from	collections_county_huloudao city
occurrences_taxon_no_10520	collected_from	collections_county_veronais
occurrences_taxon_no_297477	collected_from	collections_county_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_337910	collected_from	collections_county_south africa
occurrences_taxon_no_139895	collected_from	collections_county_borsod-abaãºj-zemplã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_140065	collected_from	collections_county_borsod-abaãºj-zemplã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_140062	collected_from	collections_county_borsod-abaãºj-zemplã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_county_val-d'oise
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_county_seine-saint-denis
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_county_milly-le-meugon
occurrences_taxon_no_338849	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_338918	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_county_gard
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_county_puy-de-dã´me
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_37609	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_339100	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_37950	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_94066	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_38044	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_38153	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_53353	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_401373	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_39348	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_369374	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_166654	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_40103	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_247139	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234430	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_235548	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_432897	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_166636	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234451	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_247653	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_247654	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_247887	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234486	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248227	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248225	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_40180	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_166623	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_40142	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_348433	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_231481	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_233285	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_40152	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_162501	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_162548	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_380042	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248582	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248596	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248597	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_166603	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248586	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248589	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_248577	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234545	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234541	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234643	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234627	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234537	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_41909	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_234852	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_339027	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_339568	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_339567	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_339764	collected_from	collections_county_pã©pieux
occurrences_taxon_no_339574	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_339828	collected_from	collections_county_saint-jean-de-cuculles
occurrences_taxon_no_174010	collected_from	collections_county_villeneuve
occurrences_taxon_no_339847	collected_from	collections_county_manosque
occurrences_taxon_no_339853	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_339855	collected_from	collections_county_cournon-d'auvergne
occurrences_taxon_no_44596	collected_from	collections_county_orangeburg
occurrences_taxon_no_340450	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_340452	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_340454	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_340453	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_340457	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_340470	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_340471	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_340474	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_340697	collected_from	collections_county_gu&#776;nsburg
occurrences_taxon_no_340713	collected_from	collections_county_perpignan
occurrences_taxon_no_339842	collected_from	collections_county_perpignan
occurrences_taxon_no_340715	collected_from	collections_county_perpignan
occurrences_taxon_no_340815	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_340814	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_38975	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_56780	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_380553	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_56770	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_56800	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_77031	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_77030	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_380585	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_367383	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_380586	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_367381	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_380595	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_339669	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_331025	collected_from	collections_county_cuenca
occurrences_taxon_no_345869	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_341550	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_81422	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_341674	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_shiramine
occurrences_taxon_no_52801	collected_from	collections_county_shiramine
occurrences_taxon_no_38027	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_342861	collected_from	collections_county_sandoval
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_sandoval
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_county_sandoval
occurrences_taxon_no_235448	collected_from	collections_county_abingdon
occurrences_taxon_no_344869	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_344726	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_299631	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_344860	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_344772	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_34002	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_344859	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_310608	collected_from	collections_county_milwaukee
occurrences_taxon_no_345253	collected_from	collections_county_gaspã©-sud
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_cochise
occurrences_taxon_no_34656	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_83295	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_37450	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_120649	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_58160	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_37667	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_345434	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_53179	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_179266	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_38086	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_180454	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_180456	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_192925	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_109652	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_40573	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_345436	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_41435	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_347892	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_98780	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_131095	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_345438	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_152716	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_68281	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_37021	collected_from	collections_county_nemaha
occurrences_taxon_no_345552	collected_from	collections_county_eureka
occurrences_taxon_no_345558	collected_from	collections_county_eureka
occurrences_taxon_no_345790	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_345807	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_345825	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_229308	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_37733	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_341551	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_37708	collected_from	collections_county_loir-et-cher
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_county_villeneuve
occurrences_taxon_no_339851	collected_from	collections_county_manosque
occurrences_taxon_no_37669	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_37682	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_346163	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_37744	collected_from	collections_county_cournon-d'auvergne
occurrences_taxon_no_255233	collected_from	collections_county_bad kreuznach
occurrences_taxon_no_345859	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_2624	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_82217	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_1498	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_345875	collected_from	collections_county_jinyun
occurrences_taxon_no_345989	collected_from	collections_county_charentes-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_151901	collected_from	collections_county_charentes-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_346048	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_336113	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_346307	collected_from	collections_county_montgomery
occurrences_taxon_no_361723	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_54233	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_161666	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_57600	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_57293	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_57281	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_54495	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_54798	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_215140	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_tchirozerine
occurrences_taxon_no_34325	collected_from	collections_county_delaware
occurrences_taxon_no_259735	collected_from	collections_county_erie
occurrences_taxon_no_346644	collected_from	collections_county_sublette
occurrences_taxon_no_55585	collected_from	collections_county_sousa
occurrences_taxon_no_127999	collected_from	collections_county_greene
occurrences_taxon_no_346727	collected_from	collections_county_-31.792180, -65.017101
occurrences_taxon_no_379976	collected_from	collections_county_-31.792180, -65.017101
occurrences_taxon_no_210843	collected_from	collections_county_-31.792180, -65.017101
occurrences_taxon_no_36379	collected_from	collections_county_-31.792180, -65.017101
occurrences_taxon_no_38069	collected_from	collections_county_-31.792180, -65.017101
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_latina
occurrences_taxon_no_264450	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_264447	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_40750	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_347197	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_347184	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_338435	collected_from	collections_county_banda
occurrences_taxon_no_347423	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_42541	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_48279	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_42545	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_42549	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_41190	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_41246	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_county_nye
occurrences_taxon_no_67308	collected_from	collections_county_kings
occurrences_taxon_no_105180	collected_from	collections_county_kings
occurrences_taxon_no_272417	collected_from	collections_county_kings
occurrences_taxon_no_83892	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_163536	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_67049	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_63959	collected_from	collections_county_stafford
occurrences_taxon_no_84915	collected_from	collections_county_stafford
occurrences_taxon_no_67217	collected_from	collections_county_spotsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_63959	collected_from	collections_county_spotsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_84915	collected_from	collections_county_spotsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_88804	collected_from	collections_county_spotsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_85218	collected_from	collections_county_spotsylvania
occurrences_taxon_no_67049	collected_from	collections_county_zizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_81829	collected_from	collections_county_zizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_zizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_347699	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_81030	collected_from	collections_county_chicheng
occurrences_taxon_no_68292	collected_from	collections_county_chicheng
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_chishui
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_fushun
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_county_zhaojue
occurrences_taxon_no_118643	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_118746	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_347860	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_347866	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_197643	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_8311	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347961	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_104234	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347958	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347959	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_198923	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347962	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_77210	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347963	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347964	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_9117	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_9005	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_77597	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_10047	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347968	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347970	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347965	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_8950	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347967	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_8535	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_347969	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_12086	collected_from	collections_county_cheshire
occurrences_taxon_no_374219	collected_from	collections_county_strathclyde
occurrences_taxon_no_63030	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_53975	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_348172	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_348245	collected_from	collections_county_mar del plata
occurrences_taxon_no_348483	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_347366	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_43223	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_348513	collected_from	collections_county_puy-de-dã´me
occurrences_taxon_no_94290	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_348734	collected_from	collections_county_berwickshire
occurrences_taxon_no_348732	collected_from	collections_county_berwickshire
occurrences_taxon_no_42991	collected_from	collections_county_box butte
occurrences_taxon_no_348887	collected_from	collections_county_eureka
occurrences_taxon_no_119783	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348551	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348701	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348556	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348702	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_41461	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348904	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_132053	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348848	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_119863	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_94301	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348906	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_347808	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_40908	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_57925	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348601	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_41036	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_72064	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348698	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348907	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_41230	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_395667	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_41307	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348908	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_99724	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_49652	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_349725	collected_from	collections_county_bouches-du-rhã´ne
occurrences_taxon_no_350383	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_349699	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350385	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350386	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350384	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_41586	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_41996	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_41992	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_41986	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350391	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_347502	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_57277	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_41979	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_347496	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_347500	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350395	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_40441	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_40245	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_135585	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_40689	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_57540	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_49711	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_347173	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_42361	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_347731	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_42362	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_67466	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_57043	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_37449	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_37899	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_180602	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_37993	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_38093	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_38098	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_104696	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_143587	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_374320	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350427	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_57541	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350456	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_43007	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_43126	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350423	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_43106	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_58355	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_40749	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_374309	collected_from	collections_county_aisne
occurrences_taxon_no_350834	collected_from	collections_county_saare
occurrences_taxon_no_26400	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_351785	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_373551	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_319276	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_26856	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_29766	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_29950	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_313223	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_29741	collected_from	collections_county_yushan
occurrences_taxon_no_248696	collected_from	collections_county_contra costa
occurrences_taxon_no_39557	collected_from	collections_county_ellesmere island
occurrences_taxon_no_351980	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_360803	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_360778	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_352598	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_340368	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_344777	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_340650	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_344862	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_344872	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_354775	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_33856	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_34006	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_347299	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_132844	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_34100	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_353181	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_46592	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_51799	collected_from	collections_county_harding
occurrences_taxon_no_26838	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_68053	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_355610	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_313478	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26363	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_303571	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26961	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26872	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_355611	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26999	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_27029	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_355613	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_28287	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26346	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26388	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_82652	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26770	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_353180	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26878	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_27019	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_27375	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_28306	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_28314	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_313494	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_124325	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26658	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26459	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26527	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26757	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_28220	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_26743	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_27013	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_86572	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_85004	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_134808	collected_from	collections_county_mallorca
occurrences_taxon_no_355640	collected_from	collections_county_oeste
occurrences_taxon_no_355754	collected_from	collections_county_yichang
occurrences_taxon_no_64490	collected_from	collections_county_humboldt
occurrences_taxon_no_104973	collected_from	collections_county_curry
occurrences_taxon_no_356268	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_44896	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45235	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_47183	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_49894	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_47445	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_52715	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_47471	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45629	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_43667	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45733	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40978	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_47178	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_307874	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_356574	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_46335	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40574	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_49534	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_44150	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40995	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_48554	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_46883	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40318	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_46796	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_50320	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_44737	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_46962	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45239	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40903	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_48090	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_356575	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40223	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_40618	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_48552	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_44158	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45974	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_98682	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_45232	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_47446	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_51112	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_52528	collected_from	collections_county_princeton
occurrences_taxon_no_40553	collected_from	collections_county_princeton
occurrences_taxon_no_58737	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_111371	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_154690	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_153967	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_154693	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_87682	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_424330	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_306367	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_357148	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38755	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_53195	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_county_japoatã£
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_county_japoatã£
occurrences_taxon_no_358021	collected_from	collections_county_shanshan
occurrences_taxon_no_224750	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_237515	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_121040	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_155355	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358296	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358254	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_7376	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_7370	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_167506	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358242	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358243	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_81584	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_22093	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358346	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358347	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358341	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358336	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358339	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358334	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_170547	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_19075	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358255	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_26469	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_150995	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_179256	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_179257	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_69567	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_117840	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_358245	collected_from	collections_county_kangaroo island
occurrences_taxon_no_371278	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_40594	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_42238	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_192430	collected_from	collections_county_villavieja
occurrences_taxon_no_358869	collected_from	collections_county_berkeley
occurrences_taxon_no_358757	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_358806	collected_from	collections_county_perpignan
occurrences_taxon_no_358881	collected_from	collections_county_carter county
occurrences_taxon_no_280848	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_351785	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27509	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_27001	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26938	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_86570	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26983	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_28974	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_29950	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_285224	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26648	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_county_chunâan
occurrences_taxon_no_359307	collected_from	collections_county_vasalemma
occurrences_taxon_no_359310	collected_from	collections_county_rapla
occurrences_taxon_no_44508	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42765	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42381	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42778	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_390268	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42666	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42774	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_67331	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_53155	collected_from	collections_county_charleston
occurrences_taxon_no_189247	collected_from	collections_county_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_county_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_366709	collected_from	collections_county_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_53881	collected_from	collections_county_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_224097	collected_from	collections_county_pakistan
occurrences_taxon_no_63054	collected_from	collections_county_dundgov aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_63054	collected_from	collections_county_bayankhongor aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_361415	collected_from	collections_county_umunugovi aimag
occurrences_taxon_no_41178	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_55064	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_51401	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_336364	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_83457	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_44956	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_39552	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_39513	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_50414	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_42528	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_50603	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_44840	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_41045	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_45315	collected_from	collections_county_twin falls
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_county_teculutã¡n
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_47873	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_42770	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_363059	collected_from	collections_county_devon
occurrences_taxon_no_110431	collected_from	collections_county_essex
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_42709	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_43222	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_105150	collected_from	collections_county_pabbi
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_376871	collected_from	collections_county_whitehorse
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_cremona
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_capaccio scalo
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_anacapri
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_pontecagnano
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_ottaviano
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_san felice circeo
occurrences_taxon_no_72185	collected_from	collections_county_sepino
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_county_lozã¨re
occurrences_taxon_no_231459	collected_from	collections_county_lozã¨re
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_county_guanare
occurrences_taxon_no_251791	collected_from	collections_county_guanare
occurrences_taxon_no_194770	collected_from	collections_county_guanare
occurrences_taxon_no_43391	collected_from	collections_county_guanare
occurrences_taxon_no_364317	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_148100	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_151857	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_153139	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_19025	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4703	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4730	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_230277	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4691	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4122	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4666	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4510	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4728	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4717	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4729	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4733	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4736	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4722	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_4720	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_151852	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_152411	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_121409	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_366395	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_47533	collected_from	collections_county_grant
occurrences_taxon_no_42802	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_42173	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_41724	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_41592	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_250651	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_38123	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_37992	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_36616	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_county_manacor
occurrences_taxon_no_43395	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_42751	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_43266	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_43244	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_43611	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_42520	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_county_harris
occurrences_taxon_no_367262	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_367263	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_282543	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_122015	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_367265	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_42046	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_367266	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_367267	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_63049	collected_from	collections_county_slope
occurrences_taxon_no_367465	collected_from	collections_county_hamilton
occurrences_taxon_no_7433	collected_from	collections_county_hamilton
occurrences_taxon_no_367470	collected_from	collections_county_clinton
occurrences_taxon_no_103502	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_368826	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_368827	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_103521	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_368822	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_368813	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_203376	collected_from	collections_county_mackenzie
occurrences_taxon_no_369576	collected_from	collections_county_seine-saint-denis
occurrences_taxon_no_39629	collected_from	collections_county_seine-saint-denis
occurrences_taxon_no_209376	collected_from	collections_county_errachidia
occurrences_taxon_no_50534	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_370018	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_64089	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_67448	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_99791	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_77387	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_370353	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_39682	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_38175	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_38642	collected_from	collections_county_rosendal
occurrences_taxon_no_133366	collected_from	collections_county_rosendal
occurrences_taxon_no_171914	collected_from	collections_county_bethlehem
occurrences_taxon_no_56657	collected_from	collections_county_herschel
occurrences_taxon_no_371476	collected_from	collections_county_taroudannt
occurrences_taxon_no_97337	collected_from	collections_county_taroudannt
occurrences_taxon_no_31508	collected_from	collections_county_taroudannt
occurrences_taxon_no_123859	collected_from	collections_county_taroudannt
occurrences_taxon_no_371483	collected_from	collections_county_taroudannt
occurrences_taxon_no_2	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_366087	collected_from	collections_county_valley
occurrences_taxon_no_58757	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_92317	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_372004	collected_from	collections_county_jinyun
occurrences_taxon_no_372131	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_372977	collected_from	collections_county_nanning
occurrences_taxon_no_373032	collected_from	collections_county_berwickshire
occurrences_taxon_no_373215	collected_from	collections_county_khouribga
occurrences_taxon_no_347530	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_38009	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_373991	collected_from	collections_county_nanzhen
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_doã±a ana
occurrences_taxon_no_374099	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_140518	collected_from	collections_county_catan lil
occurrences_taxon_no_194926	collected_from	collections_county_yuan'an
occurrences_taxon_no_374215	collected_from	collections_county_xingshan
occurrences_taxon_no_374218	collected_from	collections_county_gloucestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_140319	collected_from	collections_county_graaff-reinet
occurrences_taxon_no_122672	collected_from	collections_county_chris hani district
occurrences_taxon_no_374496	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_304827	collected_from	collections_county_berwickshire
occurrences_taxon_no_5124	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5190	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_115421	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5452	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_172925	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5146	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5230	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5718	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_248793	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_6077	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5167	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_249049	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5560	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_172932	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5252	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5564	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5374	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5188	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_248797	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5201	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5150	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5383	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_5588	collected_from	collections_county_hami
occurrences_taxon_no_19242	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_19302	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26431	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_20034	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_33731	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_378105	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_378663	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_378148	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_426744	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_82596	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_19165	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_19100	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_20220	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_75128	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26895	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_124260	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_20000	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26322	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_19834	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_21430	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_87613	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_255012	collected_from	collections_county_bayreuth
occurrences_taxon_no_255017	collected_from	collections_county_bayreuth
occurrences_taxon_no_25824	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_20172	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26800	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27866	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26932	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_365767	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27037	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_397507	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_county_wellington
occurrences_taxon_no_27972	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26731	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_5717	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_5951	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_86508	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_4742	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_56444	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_110453	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_4874	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_26735	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_33698	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_431641	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_4801	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_4880	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_5086	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_5349	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_81477	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_87610	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_114662	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_8234	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_28340	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_2894	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_84999	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_29595	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_25550	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_65923	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27448	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27932	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27473	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_27381	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_123716	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_29638	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_94948	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_54126	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_13602	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_263055	collected_from	collections_county_pershing
occurrences_taxon_no_376194	collected_from	collections_county_guadalupe
occurrences_taxon_no_376426	collected_from	collections_county_neixiang
occurrences_taxon_no_142399	collected_from	collections_county_bayreuth
occurrences_taxon_no_376758	collected_from	collections_county_shexian
occurrences_taxon_no_178202	collected_from	collections_county_graaff-reinet
occurrences_taxon_no_377274	collected_from	collections_county_osona
occurrences_taxon_no_37070	collected_from	collections_county_fraserburg
occurrences_taxon_no_377478	collected_from	collections_county_urumaco
occurrences_taxon_no_377630	collected_from	collections_county_ganzhou
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_county_zhenfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_377743	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_377768	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_25213	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_124262	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_304938	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_19691	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_20217	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_21482	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_21780	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_19815	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_85380	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_19759	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_259132	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_320071	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_21451	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_308029	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_56897	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_377744	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_310735	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_377747	collected_from	collections_county_carmarthenshire
occurrences_taxon_no_378185	collected_from	collections_county_dorchester
occurrences_taxon_no_378220	collected_from	collections_county_rheinisch-bergischer
occurrences_taxon_no_218915	collected_from	collections_county_rheinisch-bergischer
occurrences_taxon_no_71974	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_335779	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_95925	collected_from	collections_county_lausanne
occurrences_taxon_no_378448	collected_from	collections_county_dunrossness
occurrences_taxon_no_351087	collected_from	collections_county_marne
occurrences_taxon_no_351092	collected_from	collections_county_aix-en-provence
occurrences_taxon_no_66279	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_247310	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_42078	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_264094	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_42138	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_117314	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_43568	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_43439	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_43409	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_56637	collected_from	collections_county_meseta del canquel
occurrences_taxon_no_378466	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_129737	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_39693	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_105697	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_105696	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_105695	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_206642	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_36639	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_39591	collected_from	collections_county_kern
occurrences_taxon_no_332074	collected_from	collections_county_taguaã­
occurrences_taxon_no_156486	collected_from	collections_county_sã£o jerã´nimo da serra
occurrences_taxon_no_378520	collected_from	collections_county_sã£o jerã´nimo da serra
occurrences_taxon_no_378521	collected_from	collections_county_sã£o jerã´nimo da serra
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_county_sã£o jerã´nimo da serra
occurrences_taxon_no_64085	collected_from	collections_county_leicestershire
occurrences_taxon_no_380544	collected_from	collections_county_beaufort west
occurrences_taxon_no_380588	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_379331	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_380665	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_39441	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_234021	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_423132	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_104878	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_41728	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_104811	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_83796	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_42116	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_81628	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_68403	collected_from	collections_county_humahuaca
occurrences_taxon_no_380548	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_39019	collected_from	collections_county_prince albert
occurrences_taxon_no_39134	collected_from	collections_county_laingsburg
occurrences_taxon_no_305973	collected_from	collections_county_grand
occurrences_taxon_no_380893	collected_from	collections_county_zaragoza
occurrences_taxon_no_356484	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_42126	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_42108	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_209053	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_39594	collected_from	collections_county_diamante
occurrences_taxon_no_65597	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_7762	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_366491	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_366490	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_366488	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_18886	collected_from	collections_county_esmerelda
occurrences_taxon_no_85333	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_85385	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_7762	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_7772	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_142592	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_7321	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_30739	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_38035	collected_from	collections_county_eure-et-loire
occurrences_taxon_no_381501	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_7693	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_381528	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_381530	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_378354	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_378546	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_county_chichaoua
occurrences_taxon_no_378351	collected_from	collections_county_arlit
occurrences_taxon_no_378358	collected_from	collections_county_arlit
occurrences_taxon_no_378516	collected_from	collections_county_arlit
occurrences_taxon_no_378512	collected_from	collections_county_arlit
occurrences_taxon_no_381536	collected_from	collections_county_amatole
occurrences_taxon_no_39049	collected_from	collections_county_amatole
occurrences_taxon_no_25932	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_430761	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_384137	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_168363	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_168362	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_94319	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_103008	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_103054	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_335360	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_303106	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_392225	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_432365	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_33183	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_83902	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_34881	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1023	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1033	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1342	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1476	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_354833	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_2278	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_995	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_354860	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1679	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1812	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_2771	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_936	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_1051	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_2282	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_2760	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_331051	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_56427	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_85727	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_331054	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_382035	collected_from	collections_county_annaka
occurrences_taxon_no_382035	collected_from	collections_county_yoshii
occurrences_taxon_no_42936	collected_from	collections_county_utcubamba
occurrences_taxon_no_383652	collected_from	collections_county_clark
occurrences_taxon_no_58893	collected_from	collections_county_clark
occurrences_taxon_no_2991	collected_from	collections_county_clark
occurrences_taxon_no_123399	collected_from	collections_county_clark
occurrences_taxon_no_383761	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_383759	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_383760	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_27068	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_124336	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_308332	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_29918	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_26370	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_319149	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_27725	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_29876	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_26535	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_125092	collected_from	collections_county_xichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_383910	collected_from	collections_county_numata
occurrences_taxon_no_383960	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_53261	collected_from	collections_county_ena
occurrences_taxon_no_423062	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_56415	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38539	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_364121	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38606	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_67318	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38851	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_58870	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_112784	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_16345	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90324	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_430804	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_401022	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_293026	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_167861	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_37655	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38442	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_93488	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90532	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_167935	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_167914	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90721	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_292738	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_17785	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169258	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_325966	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_325970	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_293252	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_167981	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_18239	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_406019	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90537	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_168094	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_98037	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_97918	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_108631	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90508	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362557	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412286	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169086	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_424147	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412816	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_146976	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362600	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_409446	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169151	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90526	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90524	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11365	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11138	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_408311	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_407372	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11232	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_394725	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_407356	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412786	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412794	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412781	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_408314	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412295	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362613	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412514	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11605	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11787	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362621	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362628	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362619	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412224	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_370071	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_414018	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_87450	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11127	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90506	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_394742	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_335362	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_384235	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_340345	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412329	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_407406	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90527	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90529	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_170328	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90504	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_157325	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_105945	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_81485	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362580	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90513	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90134	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_9704	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_402832	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_384595	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412797	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169072	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_61844	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412321	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_9297	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_430808	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412717	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_8845	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362564	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_8748	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_381839	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_370067	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_85649	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_18510	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_402076	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90531	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_25792	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_423049	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_210431	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169002	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_93499	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_293255	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_17859	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_293189	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_168109	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11993	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_12027	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_10963	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169085	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169090	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_248937	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11368	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_10711	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_370072	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412332	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412318	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_9451	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_422500	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_407278	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_362565	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_97589	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_169111	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_168064	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_162904	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_11338	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_10923	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90189	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412771	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_412323	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_158729	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90501	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_8057	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_399198	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_18056	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_293594	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_90534	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_83169	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_422853	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_421630	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_384374	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_385627	collected_from	collections_county_nottinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_32612	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_18314	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_18510	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_54311	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_391043	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16007	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16601	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_17634	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16730	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_60919	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_17958	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16082	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16104	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16145	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8598	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8394	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_61317	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_11487	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_12007	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_11810	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8172	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8177	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_13148	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_22304	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_155672	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_58820	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_9872	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_33354	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16350	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_16957	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_8395	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_9498	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_10961	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_11138	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_7695	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_183878	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_104661	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_104650	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_170751	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182828	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_167547	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_142575	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_142577	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_104636	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_163944	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_7424	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_185352	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182635	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_164608	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_163946	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_65613	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_181250	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_181613	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_7565	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_80010	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_76988	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_163945	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182701	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_183694	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_181279	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_71142	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_7950	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182837	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182839	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_76095	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_141338	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_76960	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_185359	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_260765	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_7963	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182841	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_186595	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182188	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_181017	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_85332	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182523	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_186026	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_182184	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_72752	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_68888	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_141167	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_76975	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_185922	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_142547	collected_from	collections_county_xianfeng
occurrences_taxon_no_183769	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_149000	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_7424	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_183878	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_104661	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_142575	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_104650	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_163944	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_7950	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_30737	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_7304	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_182828	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_150006	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_182841	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_65613	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_164608	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_7565	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_163945	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_181250	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_181613	collected_from	collections_county_jinning
occurrences_taxon_no_104661	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_183878	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7442	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_260765	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_30737	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_142575	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_183769	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7424	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_149005	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_104650	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7304	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_164608	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_164607	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_181613	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_181250	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7565	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_163945	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182837	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_170751	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182828	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_65613	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_80010	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182839	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_76988	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182841	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_71142	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_163946	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_183869	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_186600	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182188	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182184	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_72752	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_167547	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_185352	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_181017	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_186595	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7928	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_65629	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7301	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7963	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_142547	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182642	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182700	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182635	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_182523	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_186026	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_68888	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_141167	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_76975	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_141572	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_185922	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_196139	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_78508	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_104641	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_7950	collected_from	collections_county_huize
occurrences_taxon_no_355703	collected_from	collections_county_påã­bram
occurrences_taxon_no_386800	collected_from	collections_county_lourinhã£
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_isles of skye
occurrences_taxon_no_386998	collected_from	collections_county_paso cordoba natural protected area
occurrences_taxon_no_95571	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_387202	collected_from	collections_county_chicligasta
occurrences_taxon_no_262142	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_35167	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_156168	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_149759	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_209243	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_387333	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_387332	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_54275	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_93883	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_38461	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_38595	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_38513	collected_from	collections_county_amphoe
occurrences_taxon_no_387351	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_4672	collected_from	collections_county_tompkins
occurrences_taxon_no_38817	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_58837	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_387583	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_49788	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_44721	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_39783	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_309374	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_39779	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_37740	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_376557	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_376559	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_377689	collected_from	collections_county_muang
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_376557	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_377689	collected_from	collections_county_khok samrong
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_county_ban moh
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_county_ban moh
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_county_ban moh
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_county_ban moh
occurrences_taxon_no_37674	collected_from	collections_county_ban moh
occurrences_taxon_no_68033	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402012	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373873	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402018	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373902	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_373900	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_402021	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_37739	collected_from	collections_county_inburi
occurrences_taxon_no_387917	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_387962	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388124	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_387963	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_317218	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_317217	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388125	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388127	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388129	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_25435	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_25501	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388130	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388131	collected_from	collections_county_niagara
occurrences_taxon_no_388253	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_175253	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_388258	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_185564	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_12618	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_181321	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_185501	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_185472	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_86658	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_185495	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_38803	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_97148	collected_from	collections_county_katsuyama
occurrences_taxon_no_388345	collected_from	collections_county_hawke's bay
occurrences_taxon_no_389269	collected_from	collections_county_olavarrã­a
occurrences_taxon_no_22452	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_16130	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_17916	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_9552	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_11804	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_222267	collected_from	collections_county_marlborough
occurrences_taxon_no_221054	collected_from	collections_county_northland
occurrences_taxon_no_223278	collected_from	collections_county_northlands
occurrences_taxon_no_108486	collected_from	collections_county_astypalaia island
occurrences_taxon_no_161721	collected_from	collections_county_mercedes
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_81250	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_368773	collected_from	collections_county_lufeng
occurrences_taxon_no_391040	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_391159	collected_from	collections_county_cap des rosiers
occurrences_taxon_no_391206	collected_from	collections_county_eichstã¤tt
occurrences_taxon_no_391221	collected_from	collections_county_wulatehouqi
occurrences_taxon_no_391377	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_391379	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_391381	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_276037	collected_from	collections_county_esmeralda
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391613	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391615	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391616	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34585	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34589	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_419339	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_66716	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391619	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_276136	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391621	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391622	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_154070	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_154690	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391623	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_154724	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_391625	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_34728	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_365793	collected_from	collections_county_ãland island
occurrences_taxon_no_392640	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_92615	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_159123	collected_from	collections_county_loreto
occurrences_taxon_no_285231	collected_from	collections_county_auckland
occurrences_taxon_no_294098	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_county_wellington
occurrences_taxon_no_388336	collected_from	collections_county_hawke's bay
occurrences_taxon_no_388338	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_388338	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_county_wellington
occurrences_taxon_no_388341	collected_from	collections_county_hawke's bay
occurrences_taxon_no_394405	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_33561	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_33541	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_33556	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_394797	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_393846	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_378183	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_33778	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_378084	collected_from	collections_county_tarija
occurrences_taxon_no_395043	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_395231	collected_from	collections_county_el molle
occurrences_taxon_no_395231	collected_from	collections_county_belã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_159781	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_433214	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_395669	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_433218	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_395673	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_348916	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_433220	collected_from	collections_county_lot
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_county_caribou
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_county_bonneville
occurrences_taxon_no_38561	collected_from	collections_county_bonneville
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_bonneville
occurrences_taxon_no_160848	collected_from	collections_county_bonneville
occurrences_taxon_no_98799	collected_from	collections_county_bonneville
occurrences_taxon_no_64024	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_398537	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_398536	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_395891	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_33938	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_395893	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_22826	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_31590	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_2665	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1305	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_54564	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_8304	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_16556	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_136993	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_186095	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_33951	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_14272	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_29199	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_174214	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_26369	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_10354	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_139752	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_358621	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_28663	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_32733	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_149320	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_380835	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_166277	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_166280	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_176953	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_166246	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_166247	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_176932	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_83915	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_county_lichuan
occurrences_taxon_no_62288	collected_from	collections_county_pacific
occurrences_taxon_no_397040	collected_from	collections_county_pacific
occurrences_taxon_no_397040	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_397039	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_359817	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_396673	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_397046	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_397046	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_397046	collected_from	collections_county_pacific
occurrences_taxon_no_397034	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_397035	collected_from	collections_county_gray harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_397035	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_2414	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_154147	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_1693	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_2127	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_2232	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_2400	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_1201	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_250218	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_1218	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_1763	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_1739	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_2006	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_8598	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_59409	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_8168	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_59772	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_103046	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_11110	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_11149	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_89978	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_58167	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_396667	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_61223	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_61286	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_11487	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_112571	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_24704	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_308462	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_111114	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_380494	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_386447	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_397040	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_397079	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_18718	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_58808	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_429535	collected_from	collections_county_waitaki
occurrences_taxon_no_397251	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397257	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397258	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397259	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397261	collected_from	collections_county_north otago
occurrences_taxon_no_397355	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_397358	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_37652	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_12247	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_397636	collected_from	collections_county_clallam
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_397768	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_129467	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_87965	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_87969	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_tippah
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_397773	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_129467	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_129469	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_county_stoddard
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_hot springs
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_hot springs
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_hot springs
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_hot springs
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_county_union
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_382852	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_277060	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_276899	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_county_chickasaw
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_88421	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_oktibbeha
occurrences_taxon_no_129476	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_129477	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_340268	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_15015	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_county_summer
occurrences_taxon_no_129476	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397765	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397764	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_129477	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397775	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_382852	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_129664	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_129473	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_129667	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_14603	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_340268	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_15655	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_14933	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_88756	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397788	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_88657	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_88653	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_88665	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_88021	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_87965	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_277073	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397776	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397770	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_397772	collected_from	collections_county_wilcox
occurrences_taxon_no_38589	collected_from	collections_county_lourinhã£
occurrences_taxon_no_37958	collected_from	collections_county_olkhon island
occurrences_taxon_no_397797	collected_from	collections_county_olkhon island
occurrences_taxon_no_397908	collected_from	collections_county_surat
occurrences_taxon_no_3841	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_397948	collected_from	collections_county_canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_397997	collected_from	collections_county_bekeley
occurrences_taxon_no_393650	collected_from	collections_county_belen
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_16647	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_232386	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_347560	collected_from	collections_county_junlian
occurrences_taxon_no_149335	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_140068	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_139927	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_149333	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_312244	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_16955	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_177882	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_149314	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_16759	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_182905	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_17714	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_17371	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_166181	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_207171	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_347558	collected_from	collections_county_bijie
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_293214	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_382340	collected_from	collections_county_grays harbor
occurrences_taxon_no_6229	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_16150	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_293214	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_17840	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_169213	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_10166	collected_from	collections_county_mason
occurrences_taxon_no_398501	collected_from	collections_county_luonan
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_county_luonan
occurrences_taxon_no_346710	collected_from	collections_county_wahkiakum
occurrences_taxon_no_399170	collected_from	collections_county_san bernardino
occurrences_taxon_no_179042	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_399214	collected_from	collections_county_columbia
occurrences_taxon_no_37639	collected_from	collections_county_beaverhead
occurrences_taxon_no_399337	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_42742	collected_from	collections_county_katerini
occurrences_taxon_no_42307	collected_from	collections_county_katerini
occurrences_taxon_no_43274	collected_from	collections_county_katerini
occurrences_taxon_no_83025	collected_from	collections_county_san diego
occurrences_taxon_no_399396	collected_from	collections_county_rapla
occurrences_taxon_no_399398	collected_from	collections_county_rapla
occurrences_taxon_no_96667	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_57260	collected_from	collections_county_chebula
occurrences_taxon_no_91971	collected_from	collections_county_kemerovo
occurrences_taxon_no_64079	collected_from	collections_county_lozã¨re
occurrences_taxon_no_147918	collected_from	collections_county_zhucheng
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_249032	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_99798	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_175823	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_218963	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_137280	collected_from	collections_county_carter
occurrences_taxon_no_400653	collected_from	collections_county_kusel
occurrences_taxon_no_401264	collected_from	collections_county_jianchang
occurrences_taxon_no_401650	collected_from	collections_county_naracoorte lucindale
occurrences_taxon_no_92644	collected_from	collections_county_la paz
occurrences_taxon_no_403602	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_5337	collected_from	collections_county_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_5083	collected_from	collections_county_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_30743	collected_from	collections_county_nelson
occurrences_taxon_no_35611	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_301264	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_35614	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_246634	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_301331	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_35625	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_352621	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_301617	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_301260	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_246630	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_35619	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_35703	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_36041	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_300919	collected_from	collections_county_herakleion
occurrences_taxon_no_362180	collected_from	collections_county_dorset
occurrences_taxon_no_404508	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_41209	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_404678	collected_from	collections_county_esk
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_county_mesa
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_county_albany
occurrences_taxon_no_38665	collected_from	collections_county_johnson
occurrences_taxon_no_407876	collected_from	collections_county_ibira
occurrences_taxon_no_368045	collected_from	collections_county_kimitsu
occurrences_taxon_no_368045	collected_from	collections_county_ichikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_83374	collected_from	collections_county_ichikawa
occurrences_taxon_no_409499	collected_from	collections_county_tatacoa
occurrences_taxon_no_37430	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_38122	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_37478	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_37422	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_37703	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_38138	collected_from	collections_county_ptolemaida
occurrences_taxon_no_412748	collected_from	collections_county_flinders ranges
occurrences_taxon_no_413873	collected_from	collections_county_inyo
occurrences_taxon_no_414185	collected_from	collections_county_shepetovka
occurrences_taxon_no_414429	collected_from	collections_county_mitchell
occurrences_taxon_no_22194	collected_from	collections_county_monterey
occurrences_taxon_no_22127	collected_from	collections_county_monterey
occurrences_taxon_no_53400	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_194769	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_38449	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_190756	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_321259	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_37589	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_58161	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_37611	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_43390	collected_from	collections_county_sena madureira
occurrences_taxon_no_417385	collected_from	collections_county_songzi
occurrences_taxon_no_285336	collected_from	collections_county_douglas
occurrences_taxon_no_285332	collected_from	collections_county_fresno
occurrences_taxon_no_285338	collected_from	collections_county_ventura
occurrences_taxon_no_285332	collected_from	collections_county_ventura
occurrences_taxon_no_285332	collected_from	collections_county_riverside
occurrences_taxon_no_418928	collected_from	collections_county_pershing
occurrences_taxon_no_419123	collected_from	collections_county_sweetwater
occurrences_taxon_no_419280	collected_from	collections_county_hanover
occurrences_taxon_no_419360	collected_from	collections_county_eureka county
occurrences_taxon_no_33650	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_270341	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_419853	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_350765	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_419851	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_270339	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_270342	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_369621	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_33790	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_350673	collected_from	collections_county_xing'an
occurrences_taxon_no_420109	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_277328	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_420110	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_202655	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_202654	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_63173	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_172846	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_100439	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_420112	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_277332	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_249033	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38018	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38023	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38081	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_364672	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_366290	collected_from	collections_county_digermulen peninsula
occurrences_taxon_no_388680	collected_from	collections_county_adolfo alsina
occurrences_taxon_no_420501	collected_from	collections_county_sioux
occurrences_taxon_no_296518	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_19872	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_421150	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_421152	collected_from	collections_county_amadeus
occurrences_taxon_no_421474	collected_from	collections_county_eaton
occurrences_taxon_no_334525	collected_from	collections_county_bell island
occurrences_taxon_no_163541	collected_from	collections_county_bell island
occurrences_taxon_no_347198	collected_from	collections_county_la noguera
occurrences_taxon_no_41370	collected_from	collections_county_la noguera
occurrences_taxon_no_92588	collected_from	collections_county_la noguera
occurrences_taxon_no_87634	collected_from	collections_county_la noguera
occurrences_taxon_no_106418	collected_from	collections_county_la noguera
occurrences_taxon_no_378231	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_33545	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_33568	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_421716	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_421715	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_33539	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_421712	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_33537	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_421718	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_33551	collected_from	collections_county_changde
occurrences_taxon_no_194762	collected_from	collections_county_knox
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_knox
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_webster
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_antelope
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_bridgewater
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_sheridan
occurrences_taxon_no_395863	collected_from	collections_county_belã©n
occurrences_taxon_no_423026	collected_from	collections_county_annaka
occurrences_taxon_no_321081	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_157961	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_guadalajara
occurrences_taxon_no_321079	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_321079	collected_from	collections_county_caspian depressian
occurrences_taxon_no_423131	collected_from	collections_county_pueyrredon
occurrences_taxon_no_291595	collected_from	collections_county_culberson
occurrences_taxon_no_423129	collected_from	collections_county_culberson
occurrences_taxon_no_350537	collected_from	collections_county_culberson
occurrences_taxon_no_291601	collected_from	collections_county_culberson
occurrences_taxon_no_321066	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_wladimir
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_90709	collected_from	collections_county_cracow upland
occurrences_taxon_no_321075	collected_from	collections_county_wologda
occurrences_taxon_no_321075	collected_from	collections_county_kostroma
occurrences_taxon_no_321075	collected_from	collections_county_atrachan
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_wologda
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_kostroma
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_jaroslawl
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_atrachan
occurrences_taxon_no_321077	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_321076	collected_from	collections_county_wologda
occurrences_taxon_no_321076	collected_from	collections_county_jaroslawl
occurrences_taxon_no_321076	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_321082	collected_from	collections_county_samara
occurrences_taxon_no_321082	collected_from	collections_county_saratov
occurrences_taxon_no_321082	collected_from	collections_county_cis-urals
occurrences_taxon_no_194441	collected_from	collections_county_upper silesia
occurrences_taxon_no_194446	collected_from	collections_county_volgograd region
occurrences_taxon_no_194446	collected_from	collections_county_orenburg
occurrences_taxon_no_194446	collected_from	collections_county_komi
occurrences_taxon_no_194455	collected_from	collections_county_pranhita-godavari valley
occurrences_taxon_no_194457	collected_from	collections_county_pranhita-godavari valley
occurrences_taxon_no_221556	collected_from	collections_county_washington
occurrences_taxon_no_424036	collected_from	collections_county_ocucaje
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_county_lee
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_county_lowndes
occurrences_taxon_no_424077	collected_from	collections_county_greene
occurrences_taxon_no_424098	collected_from	collections_county_charentes-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_267867	collected_from	collections_county_buchivacoa
occurrences_taxon_no_424138	collected_from	collections_county_olkhon island
occurrences_taxon_no_91968	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_83901	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_307351	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_54885	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_156251	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38421	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_67896	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_96626	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_249670	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_147920	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38555	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_34570	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_114403	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_39947	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_34422	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_45124	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_35641	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_34498	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_67746	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_35150	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_67745	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_39815	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_34741	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_154139	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_67338	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_35391	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_37911	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_38016	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_34632	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_37383	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_164090	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_16578	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_341222	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_117671	collected_from	collections_county_brewster
occurrences_taxon_no_424323	collected_from	collections_county_yunyang
occurrences_taxon_no_424422	collected_from	collections_county_johnson
occurrences_taxon_no_424422	collected_from	collections_county_denton
occurrences_taxon_no_424425	collected_from	collections_county_love
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_county_love
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_county_love
occurrences_taxon_no_424430	collected_from	collections_county_love
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424424	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424428	collected_from	collections_county_bryan
occurrences_taxon_no_424425	collected_from	collections_county_bryan
occurrences_taxon_no_424430	collected_from	collections_county_bryan
occurrences_taxon_no_424404	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424422	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424427	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424431	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_424421	collected_from	collections_county_mclennan
occurrences_taxon_no_424402	collected_from	collections_county_mclennan
occurrences_taxon_no_424426	collected_from	collections_county_mclennan
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_county_grayson
occurrences_taxon_no_424429	collected_from	collections_county_grayson
occurrences_taxon_no_424400	collected_from	collections_county_bell
occurrences_taxon_no_253375	collected_from	collections_county_yunyang
occurrences_taxon_no_235642	collected_from	collections_county_yunyang
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42996	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_46312	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_county_estanzuela
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	collections_county_teculutã¡n
occurrences_taxon_no_41198	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_84189	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43535	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_46312	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43577	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_42539	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43540	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_42682	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43603	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_96383	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_42131	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43642	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_50045	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43137	collected_from	collections_county_sayaxchã©
occurrences_taxon_no_42513	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42635	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_51294	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_43991	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_43084	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42988	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_43009	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42991	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_424503	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_41567	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_41549	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_43187	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_41520	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_49958	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_52180	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42488	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_45433	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_42984	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_136636	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_43932	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_36905	collected_from	collections_county_grant
occurrences_taxon_no_46896	collected_from	collections_county_grant
occurrences_taxon_no_46896	collected_from	collections_county_crook
occurrences_taxon_no_424983	collected_from	collections_county_grayson
occurrences_taxon_no_424995	collected_from	collections_county_wiltshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425123	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_425219	collected_from	collections_county_millard
occurrences_taxon_no_367093	collected_from	collections_county_los palmitos
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_sao lourenco do piaui
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_ourolandia
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_ourolandia
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_lagoa santa
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_lagoa santa
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_jaupaci
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_nova mamorã©
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_punã­n
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_bolivar
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_la serena
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_coquimbo
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_coquimbo
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_valparaã­so
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_casablanca
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_metropolitana
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_metropolitana
occurrences_taxon_no_43240	collected_from	collections_county_mercedes
occurrences_taxon_no_425354	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_425419	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_131783	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_117677	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_154495	collected_from	collections_county_charente
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425426	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425435	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425438	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425439	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_156210	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34633	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34671	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425858	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_52898	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_210086	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34637	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_280665	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34526	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425871	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425831	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425864	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_county_berkshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425438	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425864	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425426	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425435	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425439	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425864	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34708	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425841	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_county_buckinghamshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425426	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425429	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425431	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_83175	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425435	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425436	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425437	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34655	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425439	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425868	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419281	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_111367	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_county_hampshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419284	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425430	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425434	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425401	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_34659	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_63010	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_156230	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_34508	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_419300	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_34554	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_64190	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425825	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_151877	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_63017	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_154467	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_county_antrim
occurrences_taxon_no_425315	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_124930	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_156220	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_34600	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_124942	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425342	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425346	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_183110	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425360	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425331	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425441	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_58872	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_34626	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_34598	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_154288	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_34704	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_63021	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_117660	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_121375	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_302166	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_35169	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_35244	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_35294	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_121382	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_117694	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_121380	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_121378	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_226326	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_117691	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_226327	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_35555	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_35590	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_56475	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_38049	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_36454	collected_from	collections_county_jewell
occurrences_taxon_no_425333	collected_from	collections_county_trego
occurrences_taxon_no_390542	collected_from	collections_county_seward
occurrences_taxon_no_151355	collected_from	collections_county_aude
occurrences_taxon_no_151355	collected_from	collections_county_herault
occurrences_taxon_no_373291	collected_from	collections_county_mercedes
occurrences_taxon_no_378428	collected_from	collections_county_herault
occurrences_taxon_no_425857	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425859	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_154496	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_96192	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425861	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425862	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425867	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425867	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_151724	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_253330	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_186563	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425819	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425332	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425324	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425834	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_427811	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419292	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419302	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_county_bedfordshire
occurrences_taxon_no_151724	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_253330	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_186563	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425819	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_154458	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425829	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425332	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425324	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425834	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_427811	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_419292	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_419302	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_county_sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_151724	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_253330	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_186563	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425819	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_154458	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34572	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425822	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34581	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425396	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419290	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34593	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34577	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425827	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34573	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419298	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425332	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_125017	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_151696	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_121377	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425324	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425834	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34629	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419297	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_427811	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425838	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425402	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425842	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419302	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34661	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419300	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_34663	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_419282	collected_from	collections_county_cambridgeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_county_west sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_151690	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_34526	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425820	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425823	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425824	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425826	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425828	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425830	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_156472	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_117646	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425835	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425836	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425839	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425852	collected_from	collections_county_isle of wight
occurrences_taxon_no_425821	collected_from	collections_county_east sussex
occurrences_taxon_no_25065	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_356562	collected_from	collections_county_travis
occurrences_taxon_no_378316	collected_from	collections_county_ruoqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_68971	collected_from	collections_county_ruoqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_67216	collected_from	collections_county_ruoqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_364116	collected_from	collections_county_teruel
occurrences_taxon_no_41828	collected_from	collections_county_codrington
occurrences_taxon_no_100628	collected_from	collections_county_codrington
occurrences_taxon_no_427719	collected_from	collections_county_devon
occurrences_taxon_no_427738	collected_from	collections_county_chongzuo
occurrences_taxon_no_427931	collected_from	collections_county_lincoln
occurrences_taxon_no_171191	collected_from	collections_county_ruicheng
occurrences_taxon_no_157615	collected_from	collections_county_lintong
occurrences_taxon_no_366127	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_268204	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_428441	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_428440	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_153545	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428427	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_92231	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143793	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428429	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428433	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_43626	collected_from	collections_county_belen
occurrences_taxon_no_387877	collected_from	collections_county_belen
occurrences_taxon_no_376542	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428437	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428439	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428463	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_362503	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39295	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_335242	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143796	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143736	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372510	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_369702	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143731	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143734	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143738	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_369698	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143739	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39304	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_369211	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143744	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372495	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143748	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368176	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143755	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372473	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143774	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143819	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_367748	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_371330	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143780	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143782	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_367974	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143788	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372508	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143784	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372539	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39624	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143790	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143795	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143798	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_94497	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143816	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39296	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372541	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_367747	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_425411	collected_from	collections_county_tarrant
occurrences_taxon_no_368078	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39702	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372523	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143842	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368029	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372534	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428455	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368936	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428461	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143830	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_374028	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428458	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143809	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39357	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368991	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368937	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_373332	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368612	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_365956	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_104205	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_42163	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143834	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372515	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368320	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372532	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143838	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_37946	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368987	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368984	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428450	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428451	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368176	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143798	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_372515	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143816	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_372541	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_39295	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143834	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143819	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_371330	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143790	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143801	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143748	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143744	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_368324	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143842	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_368029	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_372532	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428453	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428458	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_143830	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_372523	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_373332	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_368936	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_368987	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_365956	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_92231	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428437	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428429	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428433	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428461	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_104205	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_428463	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_368324	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428450	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428453	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428454	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39631	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_217961	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_334630	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_372542	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_231469	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143815	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_382884	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_71875	collected_from	collections_county_santa cruz
occurrences_taxon_no_428768	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_428769	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_428770	collected_from	collections_county_orange
occurrences_taxon_no_72019	collected_from	collections_county_los angeles
occurrences_taxon_no_365950	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_39294	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_399824	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143729	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_367714	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143813	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143787	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_143851	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_365958	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_232003	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_231747	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_104181	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_104261	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_367748	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_39297	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_183021	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_53879	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_183083	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_368988	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_428431	collected_from	collections_county_south canterbury
occurrences_taxon_no_382901	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_428895	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_39999	collected_from	collections_county_kane
occurrences_taxon_no_428898	collected_from	collections_county_rio blanco
occurrences_taxon_no_382808	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_382873	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_428988	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_429012	collected_from	collections_county_tehama
occurrences_taxon_no_429046	collected_from	collections_county_tehama
occurrences_taxon_no_429315	collected_from	collections_county_palaãº
occurrences_taxon_no_429326	collected_from	collections_county_charentes-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_429328	collected_from	collections_county_charente-maritime
occurrences_taxon_no_178424	collected_from	collections_county_faxinal do soturno
occurrences_taxon_no_33653	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_33710	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_33615	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_430475	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_430476	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_430478	collected_from	collections_county_pembrokeshire
occurrences_taxon_no_21119	collected_from	collections_county_ningqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_430529	collected_from	collections_county_ningqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_430531	collected_from	collections_county_ningqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_430532	collected_from	collections_county_ningqiang
occurrences_taxon_no_430531	collected_from	collections_county_si'nan
occurrences_taxon_no_32398	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_219926	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_220103	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_32399	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_32173	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_220111	collected_from	collections_county_washington county
occurrences_taxon_no_38802	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_91970	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_91973	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_39213	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_57251	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_99812	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_38522	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_142397	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_39212	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_67321	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_39215	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_67088	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_55540	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_265718	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_53374	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_91969	collected_from	collections_county_coconino
occurrences_taxon_no_424320	collected_from	collections_county_oeste
occurrences_taxon_no_38567	collected_from	collections_county_valley
occurrences_taxon_no_143793	collected_from	collections_county_otago
occurrences_taxon_no_432180	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_64116	collected_from	collections_county_garfield
occurrences_taxon_no_432180	collected_from	collections_county_valley
occurrences_taxon_no_417186	collected_from	collections_county_lleida
occurrences_taxon_no_63759	collected_from	
occurrences_taxon_no_246036	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_777	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_2063	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_158258	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_2734	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1206	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_133573	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_238365	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_238910	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_2424	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_104658	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_1775	collected_from	collections_county_meishan
occurrences_taxon_no_82079	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_183839	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1133	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1385	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_183838	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2023	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_203335	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_415250	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_239028	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1127	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1255	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_183842	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2034	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_238910	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_238909	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1043	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2088	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1185	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1897	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_237259	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_818	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1047	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1511	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_82077	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_239835	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2182	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_238917	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1239	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2386	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2317	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_133573	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1206	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2071	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_238355	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_241903	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_239287	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_104658	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1313	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_158258	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_238276	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_2659	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1649	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_county_luodian
occurrences_taxon_no_1952	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1535	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1354	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_7618	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1826	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_2685	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1651	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1161	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1305	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1313	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1348	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1349	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_886	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_149091	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1260	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_2123	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1315	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_2122	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_167220	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_342920	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1954	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_397008	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_923	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_410000	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1989	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1457	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_1277	collected_from	collections_county_huaxi
occurrences_taxon_no_56430	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_268237	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_81989	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_56429	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_56428	collected_from	collections_county_liangfengya
occurrences_taxon_no_37162	collected_from	collections_county_shahdol district
occurrences_taxon_no_172482	collected_from	collections_county_shahdol district
occurrences_taxon_no_330494	collected_from	collections_county_shahdol district
occurrences_taxon_no_93510	collected_from	collections_county_rio arriba
occurrences_taxon_no_54813	collected_from	collections_county_yongde
occurrences_taxon_no_56402	collected_from	collections_county_yongde
occurrences_taxon_no_199501	collected_from	collections_county_yongde
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_county_yongde
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_county_yongde
occurrences_taxon_no_171326	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_208007	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13315	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13227	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_208014	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13270	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_208015	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13294	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_218640	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_208020	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_13285	collected_from	collections_county_guizhou
occurrences_taxon_no_268233	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_420453	collected_from	collections_county_butte
occurrences_taxon_no_396995	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_82049	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_2392	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_82372	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_1303	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_158256	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_158257	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_1454	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_396996	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
occurrences_taxon_no_107254	collected_from	collections_county_marmaro bay
